About the job
Technical :
4+ years in PowerBI Development
Experience on working on Qlik Sense
Ability to design professional reports and functional dashboards
Formulating KPIs and creating custom data visualizations
Exposure to other products in MS Power Platform (Power Automate)
 Behavioural :
Good communication skills (Verbal & Written)
Proven ability to function autonomously
Collaborate with both technical and non-technical audiences
About the job
Location: Home Office (US based Company looking for work from home resources)

Reports to: Chief Technology Officer

Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:
Oracle NetSuite Developer is responsible for supporting the delivery of high-quality NetSuite custom applications to our NetSuite clients. The individual is responsible for:
Responsible for all configuration, customization and testing of NetSuite ERP modules and workflows
Work with client company stakeholders on business requirements, policies, and procedures.
Create custom forms, fields, and saved searches.
Integrating various third party applications with the NetSuite ERP System
Create SuiteScripts for new customizations as well as updates and modifications to existing scripts.
Interface with Company internal and client ERP implementation team resources to address customization and configuration requirements based on business needs to achieve overall project goals.
Analysis of business processes to recommend scripted optimizations/improvements
End to end management of customizations including scoping, requirements gathering, solution engineering, development, testing and deployment.
Qualifications:
3+ years NetSuite development experience
Willingness to work on several projects at once in a fast paced environment
Extremely self-motivated. Can take initiative and work independently, asking for help when needed.
Preferred Certifications NetSuite SuiteCloud Developer II, Administrator or ERP Consultant
Functionally proficient as a NetSuite user, able to advise users on ideal use cases for customizations vs native functionality
Development experience (.NET development experience a plus)
Understanding of Web Services Architecture including REST and SOAP
Strong experience with NetSuite integrations with third party applications and NetSuite API’s
Experience with SuiteScript 2.0 /JavaScript
Strong communications skills
Salary and Benefits: Above industry average salary and benefits commensurate with experience.
About the job
A rapidly-growing company that transmits high-definition water data to users' smartphones by harnessing the power of ultrasound, is looking for a Flutter Engineer. The engineer will be responsible for streamlining the data delivery and improving customer experience through app improvements and stabilization. The startup is building a non-intrusive, all-purpose flow meter that can track and monitor water use and instantly identify water leaks. This is an excellent opportunity for developers who are interested in working in a dynamic, fast-paced, and agile environment.

Job Responsibilities:

Work closely with the Chief Experience Officer to manage and implement improvements to the existing software suite
Drive the team to develop operationally efficient analytic solutions
Collect large amounts of data using a sensor (hardware) component
Identify gaps in requirements and propose effective solutions immediately

Job Requirements:

Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
At least 3+ years of relevant experience as a software engineer
3+ years of experience working with Flutter
Nice to have prior experience working with IoT and data display
Fluent in spoken and written English communication
About the job
DISCLAIMER: This job posting is intended for active pooling of candidates who will become part of our talent pool. Your qualifications will be assessed against both current and future job openings. Should your application align with a role that corresponds to your skills and experience, and an opportunity arises, our recruitment team will reach out to you immediately. Please note that this does not guarantee immediate placement or contact. Additionally, we exclusively consider applications from individuals who are Philippine citizens and currently reside in the Philippines during their application process.

Responsibilities

Develop high-quality mobile applications using Flutter
Work collaboratively with designers, project managers, and other developers to deliver outstanding results
Maintain and improve existing software applications
Stay up-to-date with the latest development trends and emerging technologies
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and consistency
Troubleshoot and debug issues and provide timely solutions
Write clean and efficient code to ensure the scalability of the software

Requirements

At least 2 years of experience in mobile application development
Proficient in Flutter and Dart
Experience with mobile application architecture patterns (MVC, MVVM, etc.)
Strong understanding of RESTful APIs and how to interact with them
Knowledge of Git and version control principles
Experience with third-party libraries and APIs
Ability to work effectively in a team environment and communicate effectively with stakeholders
About the job
About Sourcepass

We are Sourcepass, an IT consulting company (MSP) that has been providing network support and solutions for our clients since 2001. We create and deliver innovative IT services, cloud computing, and security solutions that match the right technologies to specific industries and business strategies. We strive to provide top quality IT services to our clients so they can focus on the productivity and profitability of their business.

We have been named by Channel Futures as one of the world's 501 most strategic and innovative MSP's for the past 6 years and awarded Top Workplaces in 2020 and 2021 by Newsday! Pretty cool right? We like to think so!

WHY JOIN US?

At Sourcepass we are focused on growing our team members and giving the proper tools for success. We support and highly encourage professional development. We seek to be a cultivating environment for new ideas and suggestions with an opportunity to collaborate with world class team members.

We have an exciting opportunity to join our amazing team of 500+ staff as an iOS Mobile Application Developer.

Feel free to check out our website at www.sourcepass.com to learn more about us!

Position Summary

We are seeking a talented iOS Developer with 2-4 years of experience to join our dynamic team. As an iOS Developer, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining our iOS applications using UIKit and SwiftUI. Knowledge of Combine is a plus. If you are a motivated iOS Developer with a passion for creating innovative and user-friendly applications, we would love to hear from you. Join our team and contribute to the development of cutting-edge mobile solutions. Please submit your resume, along with links to any relevant projects or the App Store listings of your published applications.

Responsibilities

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features for our iOS applications
Develop high-quality, reusable, and scalable code using UIKit and SwiftUI
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of our applications
Identify and fix bugs and performance bottlenecks
Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency
Collaborate with the design team to implement captivating user interfaces that adhere to Apple's Human Interface Guidelines
Work closely with backend developers to integrate APIs and other web services
Stay up-to-date with the latest iOS technologies and best practices

Desired Skillset/Experience

2-4 years of professional experience in iOS development
Strong proficiency in Swift programming language
Solid understanding of UIKit and SwiftUI frameworks
Familiarity with RESTful APIs and JSON
Experience with version control systems such as Git
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field (preferred)

NICE TO HAVE

Experience with Combine framework
Familiarity with Core Data and SQLite
Knowledge of networking libraries like Alamofire or URLSession
Published iOS applications in the App Store
About the job
About Sourcepass

We are Sourcepass, an IT consulting company (MSP) that has been providing network support and solutions for our clients since 2001. We create and deliver innovative IT services, cloud computing, and security solutions that match the right technologies to specific industries and business strategies. We strive to provide top quality IT services to our clients so they can focus on the productivity and profitability of their business.

We have been named by Channel Futures as one of the world's 501 most strategic and innovative MSP's for the past 6 years and awarded Top Workplaces in 2020 and 2021 by Newsday! Pretty cool right? We like to think so!

WHY JOIN US?

At Sourcepass we are focused on growing our team members and giving the proper tools for success. We support and highly encourage professional development. We seek to be a cultivating environment for new ideas and suggestions with an opportunity to collaborate with world class team members.

We have an exciting opportunity to join our amazing team of 500+ staff as an Android Mobile Application Developer.

Feel free to check out our website at www.sourcepass.com to learn more about us!

Position Summary

We are seeking a dedicated Android developer to join our growing company. You will collaborate as part of a team of developers to work on creating and maintaining Android apps.

As an Android developer, you will need to be familiar with the Android ecosystem and mobile app development, including familiarity with popular app frameworks and software development best practices. Your duties will include maintaining existing codebases, including bug fixing, and creating apps from scratch as part of a team while following all coding guidelines and industry best practices.

PLEASE NOTE: THIS IS A PHILIPPINES BASED ROLE

Responsibilities

Designing and developing apps for the Android ecosystem 
Creating tests for code to ensure robustness and performance 
Fixing known bugs in existing Android applications and adding new features 
Working with external software libraries and APIs 
Working with designers to turn design templates into working apps

Desired Skillset/Experience

Bachelor's degree in computer science, application performance, or a related field 
Solid understanding of common programming tools and paradigms, such as version control, use of frameworks, and common design patterns 
Familiarity with API integration with the web development team, and also 3rd party API integration and development experience 
Proficiency with Android Studio and Android SDK tools 
Excellent knowledge of the Java programming language 
Familiarity with mobile applications and development, including the use of hardware such as accelerometers, cameras, and gyroscopes 
Comfortable working as part of a cross-functional team and with code written by others, including bug fixing, and refactoring legacy code 
Comfortable working within project management and deployment tools such as Asana and Azure DevOps, along with working within sprints and story point tracking 
Excellent communication skills
About the job
We are inviting professionals in high-growth industries who are thinking about their next move or looking for a new opportunity to join our expanding talent pool.

The F4S Talent Pool is a pilot project designed to:

Help job seekers get discovered by our partners based on their anticipated hiring needs.
Provide optional support and resources for job seekers in their career endeavors.
Help individuals understand, and bring out the best in themselves and each other. 

The F4S Talent Pool process:

Once you express your interest, you will be asked to complete the F4S work style assessment which measures 48 key attitudes and motivations in the context of work. On completion, you will be automatically added to our growing talent pool and contacted as new opportunities arise.

About Fingerprint For Success (F4S)

Backed by 20+ years of research, F4S’s revolutionary predictive analytics have achieved over 90% reliability in forecasting personal and team motivations, behaviors, and performance. Ultimately, we help people find purpose and fulfillment at work, and help build and scale high-performing teams.

Keep in mind, joining our talent pool does not guarantee a job offer. We aim to balance your technical skills with the results of your F4S work style assessment to match the hiring needs of our partners.

Your feedback is a gift! Write to us via:

Powered by JazzHR

0CJL92dX5T
About the job
‘Invent better outcomes’ with this fast-growing advertising agency that works with leading consumer and healthcare brands in Australia!
The offer is inclusive of internet allowance + laptop + HMO for you and yourdependent within the first month (with Covid insurance coverage).
The ideal candidate's workstation should be set up in a safe and secure location at home with stable and reliable internet not less than 25 Mbps.
PHP 100,000 - 130,000 per month
7:00 am to 4:00 pm, Manila Time, Monday to Friday


Benefits
HMO healthcare for you and your dependent (with COVID insurance)
20 combined SL/VLs per year accrued from day one (you will have 10 accrued once you pass regularisation).
Perks of being a member of the Filta Community
Potential Access to Over 50 Locations Throughout the Philippines for Work-From-Home or Work-On-Site Options.
Monthly Social & Wellness Activities
Member Wellness Program
Milestone Gifts
Birthday Cake
Paid Birthday Leave
Welcome Gift Packs
Work Anniversary Gifts
13th Month Bonus
Year-End Party
Christmas Hamper
Laptop and Internet Allowance
Shift Time
7:00 am to 4:00 pm, Manila Time, Monday to Friday
About the Role
As a Mid-level Frontend Developer, your key functions will range from assisting in project implementation, translating UX-designed wireframes to production-level HTML/CSS/JS, understanding, and integrating with third-party APIs and platforms as well as working on a mixture of legacy and cutting-edge projects for a range of clients.
Key Responsibilities
Working across the website in aiding the development and when needed troubleshooting.
Collaborating within the team and communicating effectively with all internal and external members.
Giving input for digital strategies of the project whilst working with the teams and providing reports.
Designing and implementing efficient front-end codes to run on the website.
Collaborating closely with the developers and product management team to understand and communicate progress.
Position Prerequisites
Must-Have
More than three years of experience in front-end development.
Strong HTML & CSS skills.
Demonstrated development experience with Vue.js or React.js, preferably with TypeScript.
The ability to write and debug clean and functional vanilla JavaScript.
Demonstrated experience developing browser-compliant code.
Demonstrated experience integrating with RESTful and third-party APIs.
A strong understanding of SEO-compliant mark-up and best practices.
A strong understanding of Accessibility standards.
Git mastery
Understanding of task runners and bundlers (e.g. Grunt, Gulp, Webpack).
Familiarity with developing in a Windows environment.
A desire to learn things you don’t know.
Able to work in a fast-paced environment and provide technical insights and outcomes on creative challenges.


Nice-to-Have
Experience in mobile front-end frameworks such as React Native, Flutter or Ionic.
WebGL, AR and SSR experience.
You have personal projects of your own.
Experience with CI/CD pipelines.
Experience with Docker.
Experience with Firebase and Google Cloud Functions.
About the Company
They are one of Australia’s largest digital businesses that works with leading client brands across the consumer and healthcare industries. They provide different services such as product experience design, brand communication, marketing platforms, and technology and data analytics to their clients. Creativity and technology are two little words that define their big approach. They are a humble bunch of creatives, technologists, strategists, and tinkerers who invent better outcomes that make a difference for brands, businesses, and people.
What’s Next?
Click the Apply button, attach your CV, and complete the questionnaire!
As this is an urgent requirement, if you want to fast-track your application, complete your application online and connect with Darlene Dela Cruz at https://www.linkedin.com/in/drlndc/
About the job
Are you looking for a role that motivates and challenges you? Are you ready for an opportunity for growth? Do you want to work on teams where people roll up their sleeves to take on tough problems together, and regularly blow the doors off our clients with their outstanding teamwork? If you answered yes to those questions, 3Cloud might just be for you!

At 3Cloud, we hire people who aren’t afraid to experiment or fail. We hire people who are willing to give direct and candid feedback to their managers, leaders, and team members. We hire people who jump at those opportunities because they care about our collective growth and success. We hire people who challenge and hold each other accountable for living 3Cloud’s core values because they know that it will result in amazing experiences and solutions for our clients and each other.

Job Highlights

Our technology focus is on Azure – you’ll have plenty of exciting opportunities to grow your skills in Microsoft and Azure in an environment committed to technical excellence and client experience in a very specific, defined space. Six months of experience on our team is worth years somewhere else.
Microsoft Partnerships – Our great global relationship with Microsoft ensures that we have a pipeline of cutting-edge Azure work opportunities, and access to the teams that have built the platform. You won’t find this at other places.
Competitive compensation package, salary, allowance, standard benefits including quarterly and annual performance-based cash bonus and other remuneration.
Great working environment and company culture with flexible work location.

As part of our global SRE team, this remote position will play a pivotal role in developing and maintaining robust and scalable systems on Microsoft Azure to ensure our client’s site's reliability. The candidate will have a strong foundation in SRE principles, DevOps methodologies, and significant experience with Microsoft Azure.

Key Responsibilities:

Develop and implement resilient, scalable systems on the Microsoft Azure platform, focusing on automation, security, and performance.
Collaborate with onshore and offshore teams to implement SRE/DevOps solutions aligned with business requirements and goals.
Leverage Azure services and tools to improve system monitoring, alerting, and performance.
Identify and troubleshoot issues impacting system performance, reliability, and scalability.
Contribute to the development and enhancement of SRE and DevOps standards, guidelines, and procedures.
Document and maintain system configurations, procedures, and changes in line with best practices.
Participate in an on-call rotation, providing off-hours support as needed.
Participate in agile development processes and project management practices, ensuring clear communication with the broader team.

Qualifications:

Proven experience as a Site Reliability Developer, DevOps Developer, or a similar role, preferably within a remote or offshore context.
Deep understanding of SRE principles and practices, with extensive experience in DevOps methodologies.
Proficiency in Microsoft Azure, including familiarity with Azure services and tools relevant to site reliability.
Strong communication skills, with a proven ability to effectively collaborate with remote teams.
Excellent problem-solving capabilities, a detail-oriented mindset, and the ability to thrive in complex, fast-paced environments.
Experience working within an agile development environment and familiarity with related tools and practices.

Preferred Candidate Qualifications:

Technical Expertise in Terraform: Experience in writing and managing infrastructure as code using Terraform. Understanding of Terraform principles, modules, state management, and best practices.
Proficiency in Microsoft Azure: Deep understanding of Microsoft Azure services and architectures, with experience in deploying and managing infrastructure on Azure using Terraform.
Scripting Skills: Proficiency in at least one scripting language, such as Python, Bash, PowerShell, or similar, for automation tasks and custom scripting requirements.
Experience in CI/CD Pipeline: Experience with Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and deploying Terraform through a pipeline. Familiarity with CI/CD tools like Jenkins, Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions, or similar.
Understanding of SRE Principles: Knowledge of Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) principles and practices, including automation, proactive monitoring, and reliability-focused system design.
Cloud Security Knowledge: Understanding of security concepts related to cloud computing and cloud-native applications. Familiarity with Azure security best practices and how to implement them in Terraform.
Version Control Systems: Experience with version control systems such as Git for tracking changes in code during software development.
DevOps Practices: Experience with DevOps practices and methodologies, emphasizing automation, infrastructure as code, and system reliability.
Problem-Solving Skills: Excellent problem-solving capabilities, with the ability to troubleshoot and resolve infrastructure issues efficiently.
Certifications: Microsoft Certified: Azure DevOps Engineer Expert, HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate, or similar certifications would be advantageous.

Don’t meet every single requirement? At 3Cloud we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway.

At this time, we cannot sponsor applicants for work visas.
About the job
We are looking for a team member with strong SQL skills, familiarity with databases (Oracle), and the ability to deliver a positive customer experience. Candidates must be comfortable in a fast-paced environment and manage the delivery of customer impacting fixes within SLAs.

We are looking for a team member with strong SQL skills, familiarity with databases (Oracle), and the ability to deliver a positive customer experience. Candidates must be comfortable in a fast-paced environment and manage the delivery of customer impacting fixes within SLAs.

The position maintains service excellence through understanding and appropriately applying the correct program knowledge that supports our external customers. This position specifically relates to production claims that keep customers from being serviced seamlessly. The position would best be served by a person with pre-existing development experience with a CRM, call flow, or self-service claims portal application. Knowledge of insurance and claims process beneficial. The position requires relationship building with internal partners. The team serves as a bridge between customer service and technology teams.

Key Accountabilities:

Perform issue resolution for multiple product lines and business processes
Understand client programs and related customer process flows, and apply that knowledge to triage; determine corrective steps to meet both internal and external customer SLAs
Ability to create SQL queries and execute corrective steps in a production environment
Self-driven to engage with development teams in building subject knowledge; evolve into SME
Ability to determine direction for root cause analysis, complete RCA
Confidence working with support and customer teams to resolve customer incidents
Effectively communicate the feasibility of requested deliverables and timelines

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree, or its equivalent, in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology or a related field. 
Utilizing SQL Server, SQL scripts and/or other equivalent large-scale DBMS (e.g., Oracle)
Proficient in SQL with the ability to write complex SQL queries
Strong proficiency in editing files, running established processes
Fundamental knowledge of stored procedures and database functions
Critical thinking: problem solving and analytical skills, including the ability to solution and present recommendations
Manage though ambiguity by asking the right clarifying questions

Additional Skills are a benefit:

Experience with object-oriented design and implementation
Experience with web-based enterprise software development 
Understanding of CI/CD Pipelines using Jenkins, Docker, EKS
Familiarity with code versioning tools such as Git, Bitbucket
Maintain a working knowledge of applications and system integration; understand changes and anticipate cross-system or process impacts
About the job
Description

Position at VIPRE Security Group

Position: Software Developer (Python)

Office / Station: Product

Duties and Responsibilities

Contribute to architectural and design decisions, building toward an efficient micro services distributed architecture
Write scalable, robust, testable, efficient and easily maintainable code
Translate software requirements into stable, working, high performance software
Design and develop advanced applications and intelligent systems
Do peer review before committing to code repository
Develop features for the work product
Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability
Monitor and maintain (hot fixes) production systems
Manage staging/test environment and support software testing and quality assurance
Improve application performance and other non-functional requirements such as reliability
Deliver technical discussion on the implemented functionalities
Comply with coding standards that has been set by the organization
Adapt the SCRUM process in the software development life cycle
Participate in Sprint planning to assess and clarify the requirements to the product owner
Update the team on the status of tasks and raise potential blockers (if any) in the daily standup meeting
Present the completed features in the Sprint review to stakeholders
Review and evaluate the team’s accomplishments in the Retrospective meeting
Participate in team development activities (team building, training, etc.)
Contribute to the success of the team’s objectives
Perform related duties as assigned

Working Relationships

Directly reports to the Lead Software Engineer

Working Location

Taguig City, Philippines

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree preferably in Information Technology / Computer Science / Engineering or other related courses
At least 3+ years of working experience in software development
At least 2+ years of working experience as a Python software developer with an excellent track record
Experience developing with containerization software such as Docker
Experience in development collaboration tools such as Jira, Git and Confluence
Experience in development on IDE such as PyCharm and Visual Studio Code
Hands on experience with AWS technologies and frameworks highly desirable

Having any of the following is an advantage:

Familiarity with programming languages like Go, C# and Java
Experience with relational databases such as Postgres and MySQL
Familiarity with continuous build, integration and deployment using Jenkins and Bamboo
Experience with systems using gRPC, REST and SOAP backend services
Strong foundational knowledge of object oriented programming, design patterns and best coding practices
Familiarity with NoSQL databases such as REDIS and ElasticSearch
Familiarity with messaging frameworks such as ActiveMQ

Other skills:

Strong analytical skills
Excellent problem solving ability
Would like to work as part of a self-organizing Scrum team in a scaled agile framework
Resourceful and with a good learning attitude
Strong verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills
Team player and communicator who enjoys creative freedom and independence
Proficient in oral and written English communication
Excellent human relations and customer service skills
Fast learner with short learning curve
Works with minimal supervision

Phone: (+632) 8452-3988 | Email: [email protected] | www.vipre.com

ThreatTrack Security Philippines Inc. | 5th Floor One World Square Bldg., Upper McKinley Road, Fort Bonifacio | Taguig City, Philippines 1634
About the job
Are you looking for a role that motivates and challenges you? Are you ready for an opportunity for growth? Do you want to work on teams where people roll up their sleeves to take on tough problems together, and regularly blow the doors off our clients with their outstanding teamwork? If you answered yes to those questions, 3Cloud might just be for you!

At 3Cloud, we hire people who aren’t afraid to experiment or fail. We hire people who are willing to give direct and candid feedback to their managers, leaders, and team members. We hire people who jump at those opportunities because they care about our collective growth and success. We hire people who challenge and hold each other accountable for living 3Cloud’s core values because they know that it will result in amazing experiences and solutions for our clients and each other.

Job Highlights

Our technology focus is on Azure – you’ll have plenty of exciting opportunities to grow your skills in Microsoft and Azure in an environment committed to technical excellence and client experience in a very specific, defined space. Six months of experience on our team is worth years somewhere else.
Microsoft Partnerships – Our great global relationship with Microsoft ensures that we have a pipeline of cutting-edge Azure work opportunities, and access to the teams that have built the platform. You won’t find this at other places.
Competitive compensation package, salary, allowance, standard benefits including quarterly and annual performance-based cash bonus and other remuneration.
Great working environment and company culture with flexible work location.

This remote position is a crucial part of our global SRE team, responsible for developing and implementing robust, scalable, and efficient systems that align with our client’s business goals and SRE principles. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in DevOps methodologies and a demonstrated ability to work effectively with remote teams.

Key Responsibilities:

Develop and implement automated systems and infrastructure for continuous integration, continuous deployment, monitoring, and site reliability.
Collaborate with US Based and other GDC team members to design, build, and implement SRE/DevOps solutions that meet business requirements and goals.
Identify and troubleshoot issues related to system performance, reliability, and scalability.
Work closely with architects and engineers to incorporate efficient and effective solutions into the overall architecture and design.
Contribute to the development and improvement of SRE and DevOps standards, guidelines, and procedures.
Document and maintain system configurations, procedures, and changes.
Participate in the on-call rotation, providing off-hours support as needed.
Participate in agile development processes and project management practices.

Qualifications:

Proven experience as a DevOps Developer, SRE Engineer, or a similar role in a technical environment.
Deep understanding of SRE principles and practices, with extensive experience in DevOps methodologies.
Proficiency in using Azure platforms, containerization technologies (like Docker, Kubernetes), monitoring tools (like Prometheus, Grafana), and CI/CD tools.
Strong communication skills, with a demonstrated ability to work effectively with remote teams.
Excellent problem-solving capabilities and a detail-oriented mindset.
Experience working in an agile development environment and familiarity with related tools and practices.

Preferred Candidate Qualifications:

Technical Expertise in Terraform: Experience in writing and managing infrastructure as code using Terraform. Understanding of Terraform principles, modules, state management, and best practices.
Proficiency in Microsoft Azure: Deep understanding of Microsoft Azure services and architectures, with experience in deploying and managing infrastructure on Azure using Terraform.
Scripting Skills: Proficiency in at least one scripting language, such as Python, Bash, PowerShell, or similar, for automation tasks and custom scripting requirements.
Experience in CI/CD Pipeline: Experience with Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and deploying Terraform through a pipeline. Familiarity with CI/CD tools like Jenkins, Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions, or similar.
Understanding of SRE Principles: Knowledge of Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) principles and practices, including automation, proactive monitoring, and reliability-focused system design.
Cloud Security Knowledge: Understanding of security concepts related to cloud computing and cloud-native applications. Familiarity with Azure security best practices and how to implement them in Terraform.
Version Control Systems: Experience with version control systems such as Git for tracking changes in code during software development.
DevOps Practices: Experience with DevOps practices and methodologies, emphasizing automation, infrastructure as code, and system reliability.
Problem-Solving Skills: Excellent problem-solving capabilities, with the ability to troubleshoot and resolve infrastructure issues efficiently.
Certifications: Microsoft Certified: Azure DevOps Engineer Expert, HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate, or similar certifications would be advantageous

Don’t meet every single requirement? At 3Cloud we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway.

At this time, we cannot sponsor applicants for work visas.
About the job
Applications DevOps Engineer

Role Summary

As an Applications DevOps Engineer 2 (Zuora Consultant), you will be responsible for implementing and optimizing Zuora's subscription management platform for our business. Your expertise in Zuora's suite of applications, combined with your strong understanding of subscription billing and revenue recognition processes, will enable you to provide valuable insights and solutions to our clients.

What You Will Do

Support day-to-day coordination of operational activities. 
Collaborate with our business partners to gather requirements and understand their business processes related to subscription management, billing, and revenue recognition. 
Design and configure Zuora applications to meet business requirements, including product catalog setup, pricing, subscription creation, billing rules and workflows. 
Heavy involvement in implementation projects, ensuring timely and successful delivery of Zuora solutions. 
Conduct system testing, troubleshoot issues, and provide resolution or workarounds. 
Develop and train users/ other support teams on Zuora functionality and best practices. 
Assist with data migration and integration efforts, including defining data mapping and validation rules. 
Provide ongoing support and maintenance of Zuora applications, including addressing user inquiries and resolving system-related issues. 
Stay up to date with the latest Zuora product releases, features, and enhancements and evaluate their applicability to client environments. 
Identify opportunities for process improvement and recommend solutions to optimize clients' subscription management processes. 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including sales, finance, and IT, to ensure alignment and successful implementation of Zuora solutions. 
Building and maintaining Zuora relevant documentation. 

Essentials

What You Will Bring

Proven experience as a Zuora Consultant or similar role, with a strong understanding of Zuora's suite of applications. 
In-depth knowledge of subscription billing, revenue recognition, and financial processes. 
Proficiency in configuring and customizing Zuora applications, including product catalog setup, pricing, billing rules, and workflows. 
Familiarity with subscription business models and related metrics (MRR, ARR, churn, etc.). 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues. 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with clients and internal teams. 
Must be willing to work 4pm - 1am Manila time. 

Desirable

Experience with data migration and integration using Zuora APIs and third-party tools. 
Zuora certifications (e.g., Zuora Certified Administrator, Zuora Revenue Professional) are a plus.
About the job
Summary

The Developer Analyst I is responsible for taking static documents from clients and developing a smart, dynamic product that allows a custom user experience for renters and leasing staff through both high quality, professional documents and through custom fully developed workflows. The RealPage Document team codes primarily in XML, however, we utilize other languages as well, including Java and JavaScript. The ideal candidate will possess an understanding of programming logic (if-then-else statements, loops, how to use variables, etc.). Strong problem-solving skills are a must, as a primary job responsibility is researching and formulating a successful solution.

Primary Responsibilities

Responsibilities include, but not limited to:

Responsible for static Word documents and developing a smart and dynamic product to match the needs of our clients and deliver an exceptional client experience by developing automated documents using internal tools.
Manage/complete assigned tickets/active branch quickly and accurately using GIT version control and agile development tracking software.
Work under general supervision with tasks that involve verbiage only changes, e-sign signature alignment, creation of new simple documents, attaching existing custom questions (CQ) to documents, attaching property level CQs or Form Tags, and any other duties as assigned
Able to estimate time spent on tasks effectively
Continuously increasing the ability to recognize issues/problems within work product
Working to achieve general understanding of web application architecture and technology and/or database design
Working towards understanding the full life cycle of development
Demonstrated interest and enthusiasm for internet technologies


Required Knowledge/Skills/Abilities

Graduate of Information Technology or any 4-year course.
Excellent communication skills
0-1 year of experience in website/software development
0-1 year in IT/Software industry
Experience in the Property Management or Real Estate industries is a plus
Strong problem-solving/troubleshooting skills
Proficient in XML and or HTML
Familiarity with Java, jQuery, HTML DOM, CSS
Ability to work in a collaborative, flexible, team environment and meet aggressive timelines
Self-development - Recognizes own strengths and opportunities for development.
Tech Learning - Can learn new skills and knowledge. Is good at learning new industry, company or product.
Learning on the Fly - Learns quickly in the context of an activity when given direction and guidance.
Time management - Plans the use of his or her time.
Action Oriented - Is a hard worker; is energized by a good challenge.
TQM/Re-engineering - Can identify customer needs and has a basic idea of how to align to those needs.
Peer Relationships - Relates well to peers and to those in positions of authority.
Must be willing to work in a Night Shift or shifting schedule.
Must be flexible in terms of work arrangement (Work on site, home or hybrid)
About the job
WebFX is a proud Google Premier Partner with 6 offices in the US as well as an office in Guatemala and another one in South Africa! We are continuing to expand worldwide and would love for you to be a part of that! In fact, we doubled in size in the past 5 years and are projecting to once again double in size and be a global, publicly traded tech company by the year 2030 - operating in every continent, servicing clients globally. We currently have talented team members across the globe (representing 18+ Countries) who work remotely full-time and have done so for 10+ years.

No matter where you’re located, we’d love to have you join our mission of providing world-class digital marketing solutions to mid-size businesses on a global scale. We thrive on driving business growth for our clients and are looking for people who take pride in their marketing efforts and enjoy having fun at the same time. Sound like you? Great! Keep reading:

Why Choose WebFX

For 8 years in a row, WebFX has been named the #1 Best Place to Work in Pennsylvania, which is our headquarters’ home state! As a company, we pride ourselves on being able to offer the same culture and benefits to our global team members. In addition to very competitive base pay, we offer company profit-sharing, performance bonuses, and health insurance (including dental, vision, remote doctor, etc.). To aid in your success, we provide world-class digital marketing training (Organic SEO, Local SEO, PPC, Google Analytics + Studio, etc.), long-term career track opportunities, and ongoing learning bonuses (yes, you can get paid to learn!), along with numerous other benefits!

Read below to learn about some of the benefits you can expect when working with WebFX:
 No matter where you are located or your position, WebFX offers long-term stability to all of our FXFamily members. In fact, many of our global/remote team members have been with WebFX for 10+ years, and we’re hoping you can be too! 🌏
 We put our people first; it’s as simple as that. You’re never on your own - when you run into inevitable challenges, we’re there to support you along the way!
 Long-lasting relationships with both clients and team members due to consistently low turnover rates, which are simply unheard of in our industry because, again, we put our people first.
 When you join WebFX, you don’t just join a company; you join a community! We value all of our team members the same, regardless of their position or where they call home. We truly look forward to learning about you and your background, and we will be there to celebrate the milestones in your life together, no matter how big or small! 👏
 Access to virtual professional development opportunities with company experts and virtual team-building events like monthly meetups and hangouts.
 Invitation to our annual FXFest – an all-expenses paid trip for our international team members (with a 1-year tenure) to our company headquarters. The week-long event is filled with activities, learning, and motivation to help unite our U.S. and global staff! 🛫
 Fully equipped in-home office setup including computer, dual large monitors, headset, seriously fast internet, generator, and more! 🖥️
 Multiple schedule options from which to choose. 📅
 Be part of a rapidly growing company that, at the same time, only partners with clients who share our values. 🌱📈
 Unrestricted access to our dozens of proprietary software/platforms our internal R&D team has developed for our team’s exclusive use, in addition to access to the many 3rd party tools and software we utilize internally in order to WOW our clients. You can learn more about just some of our proprietary tools here .
 Merit-based promotional structure.
 Annual merit-based compensation increases! 💰
 We have a very strong commitment to giving back globally - in fact, it’s one of our values here at WebFX. As a member of our FXFamily, you get to be a large part of that simply by achieving your goals - since 2014, we’ve committed to donating globally through our FXBuilds program. You can learn more about that here !

What You'll Get

World-Class Training and Ongoing Career Development
 No matter your level of experience, our “Bootcamp” web marketing training program is provided for all new WebFX “family members” to learn, grow and develop in and out of the office with the hard skills necessary to be successful in their position.
 From training with our Award-Winning Sr. Developers, Designers, and Project Managers to access to countless industry-leading online training resources/courses/tutorials to getting experience with nearly 1,500+ different clients with various platforms, digital services, and in every industry you can think of (and then some), our training program is simply unrivaled!
 Training doesn’t stop after your initial training period, we offer career development training and monthly Lunch-and-Learns with our state-of-the-art training amenities to facilitate departmental training, industry-related updates, and more!
 FXLearns program – where you get incentives for taking advantage of our countless industry training resources!
 After 1,500+ clients, we’ve been able to truly master our processes and procedures – you will be trained on all of those - no need to develop how to do things (unless you want to help us continually improve that process) – because we refuse to ever stagnate, we are always pushing to make those processes 1% better too!

Opportunities for Growth

WebFX grew 250%+ over the past 3 years both locally and globally, and merit-based promotional opportunities are abundant if you're meeting or exceeding position performance metrics. We believe in growing and promoting our internal team first and foremost. In fact, 95% of our promotions are internal! All team members have a very clearly defined progression path, so you know exactly what is expected of you so you can put your career in your own hands. And what’s more, you’re not expected to know it all - we believe in continually striving to be an expert in your subject matter of expertise – so while we will purposely challenge you to grow in SEO/PPC/Google Analytics, we are a full-service agency that has experts in other departments that handle everything else - from link building, social media, web design, and web development. This is done so you can truly master your trade.

We currently have over 40 team members located in the Philippines, and our goal is to double that number within the next 2 years!

Who We're Looking For

Desired Education
A Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline is preferred.

General Knowledge
Strong knowledge of database design and troubleshooting
Strong understanding of software development life-cycle and best practices

Experience
Strong English (written and verbal). Your resume must be in English to be considered.
Less than 1 year of open-source web development
Solid project-level experience with WordPress CMS utilizing Advanced Custom Fields
Solid project-level experience with at least one other open-source CMS platform such as Shopify, Joomla, Drupal, etc.
Experience with web-based programming languages
NodeJS
Experience with cloud platforms (ie Google Cloud, AWS, Microsoft Azure)
Proficiency in a LAMP environment
OOP and procedural programming methodologies
Standard Compliant HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Git Version control (or other version control software)
Package management and Task Runners (e.g. NPM, Yarn, Gulp, Grunt)
Browser testing abilities using built-in developer tools
E-commerce solutions and is well-versed in e-commerce methodologies and best practices
Previous development firm/agency environment

Qualities
Passion for web development
Demonstrates ability to get things done
Commitment to delivering high-quality and defect-free projects to clients
Comfortable with both object-oriented and procedural programming methodologies
Capable of individual “deep work”
Ability to collaborate with a team to complete projects rapidly
Strong time management skills, can meet deadlines consistently
Takes direction well, but also able to make decisions and take initiative
Strong communication skills
Ability to work independently
Stays up-to-date on the latest web technologies
Professional, dependable, solid work ethic, detail-oriented, dedicated to quality, self-motivated
Enjoys solving problems
Customer-centric mentality

What You'll Do
Coordinate and participate in the programming, implementation, testing, and support of web-based projects using the LAMP solution stack of software
Program, develop, and produce data-driven web applications, websites, and mobile apps using machine learning and the latest technology solutions and software
Consult with clients and the account team to ensure the use of effective Internet-based technologies for enterprise business applications
Debug and problem-solve across a wide variety of open-source and mobile platforms

WebFX developers typically work on 60+ projects per year, so there is a high level of variety in work and two days are never the same! Our web-based projects use a variety of frameworks selected on a per-project basis.

Percentage Breakdown
30-50% website maintenance and debugging
40-60% building new functionality
10% consulting with other team members

Compensation

Negotiable, based on experience

Annual merit-based increases

Working Hours

Asia (Philippines / Indonesia)

This position requires overlapping hours from 3:30 AM EST - 12:00 PM EST (New York Time Zone) Monday - Friday.

Africa / Europe (Ghana, UK, Ireland, Kenya, etc) 

This position requires overlapping hours from 6:00 AM EST - 2:30 PM EST, Monday - Friday. The 40 hours of work doesn’t include any lunch or breaks.
 This excludes South Africa. South Africa has additional hours options.

North America & South America

This position requires overlapping hours from 8:00 AM EST - 4:30 PM EST, Monday - Friday. The 40 hours of work doesn’t include any lunch or breaks.

Check out our culture on social media:

Instagram

Twitter

Facebook

Please submit a resume or CV (in English) to be considered for this opportunity.
You don't need to apply more than once, even if you're interested in multiple positions - you can simply let us know! We consider all open roles when reviewing resumes and applications! 

WebFX is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to providing and fostering an inclusive environment where all people, including women, minorities, LGBTQ+, and other underrepresented groups, are supported, respected, and encouraged to excel within STEM careers. Our goal as an organization is to empower our team to achieve their personal best, bring people together, and provide equal opportunity to do so regardless of race, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, physical ability or disability, or political affiliation. You can learn more on our website here !
About the job
At Simplify360, it's more than just work. We're a family! Join the Simplify360 journey today!

Simplify360 is now a Nextiva company, a leading cloud communication platform. Together, Nextiva and Simplify360 will enable businesses to offer end-to-end connected and engaging customer experiences on every channel.

Simplify360 is the leading Digital Customer Experience Platform based in India. Simplify360 uses AI and automation to enable 5,000+ global businesses to seamlessly deliver world class CX and support across multiple channels, including email, live chat, social media, online reviews and e-commerce.

Since day one, Nextiva’s vision has been to bring together all communication channels into a single stream of conversations with productivity, customer and contact management, and collaboration tools. No more wasted time toggling between multiple applications – Nextiva keeps teams productive and connected with customers, colleagues, and vendors from wherever they are in the world.

Build Amazing - Deliver Amazing - Live Amazing - Be Amazing

Responsibilities

Conducting research to identify best practices and emerging trends of the market. 
Provide technical consulting and support to customers to ensure successful implementation, customisation and integration of Simplify360 solutions. 
Conducting surveys or focus groups to gather information about customer satisfaction, preferences, or concerns. 
Developing and presenting proposals to customers regarding new products or services that could help them reach their goals. 
Negotiate and close the deal with the key stakeholders of the customer. 
Competitor and customer analysis to identify and explore potential markets. 
Provide technical guidance and support to sales, marketing, and customer success teams to ensure they have the necessary knowledge to effectively sell and support Simplify360 solutions in all their accounts across the Philippines. 
Develop and deliver training programs and materials to educate internal and external stakeholders on the capabilities and benefits of the Simplify360 offerings. 
Stay current on industry trends and advancements in Simplify360 and related technologies and inform management on product strategy and decision-making. 
Represent the company as a subject matter expert in industry events, webinars, and other external forums. 
Supporting and partnering with Sales team to understand requirement of customers. 
Building a technical solution / proposal and pitch that solution to the client alongside our salesperson and/or the partner. 

Requirements

Minimum 4 years pre-sales/sales/business development experience in SaaS company. 
Experience in B2B Enterprise level software
Prior experience working with AI/Chatbots or Customer service products. 
Ability to influence decision-makers at all levels. 
Excellent negotiation and communication skills, both verbal and written
Self-motivated and target driven. 
Prepared to travel. 
Technical education or experience preferred. 

Please note: We are looking for local candidates and we are not providing any visa/immigration support.
About the job
About The Opportunity

Netrix Global is hiring a System Engineer, you will be a vital member of our Managed Services team, and responsible for ensuring the integrity and performance of our customer's IT infrastructure, both on-premises and in the Cloud. Reporting to the Senior Systems Operations Manager, you will play a pivotal role, potentially serving as an escalation point for our helpdesk, NOC, and field technician. The candidate should have extensive experience monitoring and maintaining highly available systems.

How You Will Make An Impact

Act as an escalation point for helpdesk analysts, field technicians, and TOC and Tier 1.
Installing, configuring, and monitoring of servers and Desktops.
Perform server administration tasks, including user/group administration, security permissions, group policies, print services, research event log warnings and errors, and resource monitoring, ensuring system architecture components work together seamlessly.
Perform security audits for Azure AD, Office 365 Tenants and recommend and implement best practices.
Manage and administer Hyper-V and VMware environments.
Perform routine updates and upgrades on servers, Vmware hosts and workstations.
Perform server backup and restore operations using various backup technologies like Datto, Avamar and Veeam
IT support relating to technical issues involving Microsoft's core business applications, as well as virtual environments built on Citrix, Microsoft, and Vmware.

What You Will Bring To The Table

5-7 years of hands-on experience with the following preferred technologies:
Active Directory and Windows Server Administration and Monitoring
Virtualization – VMWare ESXi/VCenter and Microsoft Hyper-V Clusters, Nutanix
Azure Administration
Office 365 administration
Backup solution – Veeam, Datto, Avamar and Barracuda.
Windows patch management.
Citrix VDI administration
End user support and troubleshooting skills.
Knowledge of any Monitoring tool – Logic Monitor is preferable.
Knowledge of Remote assistance tool
Soft Skills

Excellent Verbal and Written Communication Skills
Ability to maintain client relationships and provide a high level of customer service and professionalism.

About Us

At Netrix Global our values are the philosophies and principles that we live by. They support our vision, help us achieve our goals and commit us to a common purpose.

We Own Outcomes, Win Together, Make An Impact, Enjoy The Journey, and Respect All!

Netrix Global is a mission-driven organization with the goal of providing the people, processes, and technology needed to run and scale modern, data-driven businesses that are always on and always secure. Our breadth of capabilities allows us to provide holistic offerings that solve even today’s most complex business challenges, delivering to you an integrated, optimized, and future-proof solution.

We work with clients of all sizes and specialize in solutions for healthcare, manufacturing, government, education, financial services, and legal industries. Netrix is consistently ranked in the CRN VAR500, detailing the country’s top system integrators.

At Netrix, we’re driven to solve business problems with innovative technology solutions. We focus on end-users and are committed to client satisfaction.

What You Can Expect From Us

We offer a competitive compensation package, comprehensive group benefits to meet the needs of you and your family, flexibility, and time off when you need it, and a casual work environment.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. As part of this commitment, we will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If you need reasonable accommodations, please let us know by contacting NetrixHR@Netrixglobal.

To learn more about Netrix Global please go to www.netrixglobal.com
About the job
About Security Bank

We're one of the Philippines’ leading universal banks. Over the years, we received various awards and accolades for being one of the most stable in the banking industry.

The Role

As a Junior Java Developer, you will work in the digital team playing a key role in the creation and development of the web back office working in an Agile software development process. You will experience and contribute to the full product development lifecycle working from design through to deployment.

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering or related major
Basic knowledge of Core Java, Spring, Hibernate, Webservices, Restful services
Good understanding of concepts in OOP, design patterns
Experience with using version control tools (e.g., GIT, SVN)
Experience in relational database technologies e.g., SQL Server, Oracle
Solid understanding of Web Services, REST, SOAP, HTTP, and enterprise solutions
Knowledge on CI/CD tools (e.g., Jenkins, SonarQube) is a plus
About the job
About OffSec

Founded in 2007 by the creators of Kali Linux, OffSec (formerly known as Offensive Security) is the leading provider of continuous professional and workforce development, training, and education for cybersecurity practitioners. OffSec’s distinct pedagogy and practical, hands-on learning help organizations fill the infosec talent gap by training their teams on today’s most critical skills.

Become a part of our global presence and work from anywhere. With team members in over 40 countries, we believe in inspiring people of all backgrounds and communities. The OffSec team is composed of diverse, internationally published authors, conference speakers, and seasoned information technology professionals from both the private sector and governments worldwide.

Excited about our mission and what we do? Apply and join us!

About The Job

The FullStack Developer will join the software development team to help lead the team in designing and implementing the development of our consumer-facing, high-traffic, e-commerce and learning management web platform. The FullStack Developer will spearhead the best practice of software development lifecycle including design principles, development processes and tools, testing methodology, deployment process, and the ongoing support and maintenance of our platform. This position will be responsible for coming up with standards for the team to follow, assisting teams as needed, and also writing code for various key modules of the platform.

Duties And Responsibilities
Develops software solutions by identifying user and system requirements for our customer-facing, high-traffic, e-commerce and learning management web platform
Determines operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions.
Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
Proposes and enforces best practices for software development lifecycle
Proposes coding standards and guidelines for the team to follow and enforce them through code review process
Supports and develops software engineers by providing advice, coaching and educational opportunities
Collaborates with team to brainstorm and creates new ideas and solutions
Grows engineering teams by interviewing, recruiting and hiring
Designs the new web platform where security is part of the design consideration from the start
Ensures that the platform is designed and coded so ongoing deployment, support and maintenance can be streamlined, following the CI/CD process 
Proposes and sets key metrics for platform performance so these metrics can be monitored to measure the platform’s performance in terms of uptime, speed, etc..
Performs technical analysis to support the effective and efficient development efforts
Writes code for key modules of the platform
Designs testing methodology including automated unit testing of the platform modules; able to do some testing if/when needed
Communicates on project/task status clearly and effectively with the management team, development team, and project managers
Moves fast, bias towards action, follows the cycle of coding, iterating, testing, deploying and optimizing websites
Other duties as needed

Qualifications
7+ years of application development experience.
Experience designing and architecting high traffic consumer web applications (e.g. SaaS, e-commerce)
5+ years of strong expertise in Node.js application design and development (ES6+ JavaScript & TypeScript).
3+ years of experience in modern responsive UI development using HTML5/CSS3 with MVVM frameworks (e.g. React.js, Vue.js, AngularJS).
Strong experience of building RESTful web services.
Hands-on experience with MySQL table design, querying, indexing, and debugging.
Experience working with message queues (e.g. RabbitMQ, SQS) and distributed caching (e.g. Memcached, Redis)
Experience in building solutions on top of AWS such as ECS, S3, Lambda, API Gateway and others.
Strong attention to detail and excellent problem-solving skills
Experience in working with DevOps and Build pipelines (e.g. CI, CD).
Hands on experience with agile development process
Experience in python is preferred.
Strong knowledge of containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes).

Working conditions

This role is a full-time salaried position. Work hours for this position are flexible and will be performed from a home office.

Direct reports

This position has no direct reports.

OffSec provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
About the job
Overview

Join our award-winning IT team as we lead the way in digital, cloud, and security technology services. You will be playing a critical role in delivering innovative solutions for our biggest client, Canada’s leading telecommunications, tech, and media corporation.

We’re looking for passionate and creative tech leaders who want to take their career to the next level and make a real impact. Our success is fueled by our people and our passion for innovation, so we empower our Qmunity and provide a workplace where they can flourish and grow.

 We offer premium benefits, including: 

 Flexible work setup: home-based or hybrid available (reporting to sites in Taytay, San Mateo, Naga, or upcoming Makati or Ortigas Center) 
 Salary based on experience, miscellaneous allowances 
 Performance bonuses and yearly increase 
 HMO from day 1 for you + 2 free dependents 
 6 months paid maternity/paternity leave 
 Company-sponsored training and upskilling, and career growth opportunities! 

Responsibilities

 You will have an opportunity to… 

 Develop new products and enhance existing products 
 Understand customer needs and gather technical requirements. 
 Propose canvas for good practices regarding code writing, reviews, and deployment workflow. 

Qualifications

 Qualifications: 

 8+ years experience in Software Development 
 3+ years recent Python Experience 
 Expertise in Containerization 
 Strong Knowledge in end-to-end scope in development 
 Experience in working and building framework-based systems
About the job
Are you looking for a role that motivates and challenges you? Are you ready for an opportunity for growth? Do you want to work on teams where people roll up their sleeves to take on tough problems together, and regularly blow the doors off our clients with their outstanding teamwork? If you answered yes to those questions, 3Cloud might just be for you!

At 3Cloud, we hire people who aren’t afraid to experiment or fail. We hire people who are willing to give direct and candid feedback to their managers, leaders, and team members. We hire people who jump at those opportunities because they care about our collective growth and success. We hire people who challenge and hold each other accountable for living 3Cloud’s core values because they know that it will result in amazing experiences and solutions for our clients and each other.

We are looking for a QA Engineer who will be primarily responsible for working with clients to test and automate applications. The role is a technical client-facing role that will be accountable for client application development. The ideal candidate will have experience in client-facing roles and have success supporting technical discussions with clients. Successful candidates will be able to demonstrate proficiency with the design, implementation, support of cloud solutions, modern JavaScript and exhibit superior communication skills.

Job Highlights:

Our technology focus is on Azure – you’ll have plenty of exciting opportunities to grow your skills in Microsoft and Azure in an environment committed to technical excellence and client experience in a very specific, defined space. Six months of experience on our team is worth years somewhere else.
Microsoft Partnerships – Our great global relationship with Microsoft ensures that we have a pipeline of cutting-edge Azure work opportunities, and access to the teams that have built the platform. You won’t find this at other places.
Competitive compensation package, salary, allowance, standard benefits including quarterly and annual performance-based cash bonus and other remuneration.
Great working environment and company culture with flexible work location.

Key Responsibilities:

Familiarity with testing tools and methodologies
Design, develop and execute automation scripts using testing tools
Create test strategies and test documents, and processes
Report and discuss the issue with the development team
Perform both manual and automation testing and create test scripts for the projects
Provide accurate record results, test cases, and share feedback to the project team
Ensure the finished product is complies with the project objectives
Test data development and infrastructure development from a functional and system perspective. 

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, or a closely related discipline.
Solid working knowledge of QA procedures, programming languages, and test management tools.
Experience in test automation tools (e.g. Postman, Selenium)
Experience with languages such as Java, Python, C# etc 
Experience testing Databricks ETL pipelines and development in the Databricks Lakehouse
Strong critical thinking, problem solving, analytical skills and interpersonal skills.
Good presentation skill and report writing skill

Preferred Skills/Experience/Certifications:

Relevant certifications in Azure, Microsoft, Agile, etc.
Experience in SQL/NoSQL databases

Don’t meet every single requirement? At 3Cloud we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway.

At this time, we cannot sponsor applicants for work visas.
About the job
About OffSec

Founded in 2007 by the creators of Kali Linux, OffSec (formerly known as Offensive Security) is the leading provider of continuous professional and workforce development, training, and education for cybersecurity practitioners. OffSec’s distinct pedagogy and practical, hands-on learning help organizations fill the infosec talent gap by training their teams on today’s most critical skills.

Become a part of our global presence and work from anywhere. With team members in over 40 countries, we believe in inspiring people of all backgrounds and communities. The OffSec team is composed of diverse, internationally published authors, conference speakers, and seasoned information technology professionals from both the private sector and governments worldwide.

Excited about our mission and what we do? Apply and join us

About The Job

Are you a UI/UX Developer looking for the opportunity to show the world your skills? To be a part of a team taking project ideas from paper to reality, while honing your craft along the way? We are looking for a Front End Developer to join our fun, energetic, and global team, who are running at full speed to help educate and secure the world in cybersecurity. You'll be able to collaborate with skilled team members to craft innovative solutions that attract and delight customers of all types.

Duties And Responsibilities
Develop software solutions by identifying user and system requirements for a new customer-facing, high-traffic, e-commerce web platform 
Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. 
Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code. 
Propose and enforce best practices for the software development lifecycle 
Propose coding standards and guidelines for the team to follow and enforce them through the code review process
Mentor software engineers by providing advice, coaching and educational opportunities 
Collaborate and brainstorm to create new innovative ideas and solutions
Design with a user-centric, security-first mindset 
Work with DevOps team to follow development best practices using CI/CD pipeline
Performs technical analysis to support the effective and efficient development efforts 
Writes code for key modules of the platform 
Write unit tests to for individual code functionality
Communicates on project/task status clearly and effectively with the management team, development team, and project managers 
Moves fast, bias towards action, follows the cycle of coding, iterating, testing, deploying and optimizing websites 
Other duties as needed

Qualifications

Required Technical Skills:
At least 3 years or more of professional software development experience using JavaScript
At least 3 years or more of experience with modern frameworks such as Vue.js and/or React.js
At least 3 years or more of experience working with Front End Development technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, ES6 
At least 3 years or more of hands on experience and understanding of Microservice architecture based on 12-Factor application development practices
Experience working with GIT versioning and best security and development practices 

Required Soft Skills
Ability to manage your time effectively, with a strong attention to detail
Ability to think critically, be creative, research answers to solve problems independently using strong analytical skills and the “Try Harder” mindset
Excellent communication skills both written and verbally in English
Willingness to work collaboratively with team members demonstrating a team player mindset

Preferred Or Nice To Haves
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a related field
Hands on experience working with MySQL 
Experience with Node.js
Experience with Python/Django
Experience with SEO optimization
Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques

Work Location and Hours

This role is a full-time salaried position. It is a fully remote position located in the Philippines. Work hours for this position are flexible and will be performed from a home office.

Physical Requirements

The employee is required to have close visual acuity to perform activities such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures, transcribing, viewing a computer screen, extensive reading, and visual inspection involving small defects. This is sedentary work. Exerting up to 10 lbs of force occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body.

Direct Reports

This position has no direct reports.

OffSec provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
About the job
Description

We are looking to hire an aspiring Backend Developer to help build and maintain our eCommerce websites.

As our Backend Developer, you must be proficient in corporate application-focused integrations such as ERP, Microsoft Dynamics 365 an OnPrem functionalities.

Here’s why we think you’d love working at Vita Green…

At Vita Green, we offer remote work and a positive work environment for you. We’re always looking for folks who are unafraid to be their absolute authentic selves because we value diversity and inclusion. Vita Green is born with the purpose of changing and enhancing people’s lives.

We’re proud to be a certified Best Company to Work For in Asia. We believe that we can expect the best out of you only when you're happy with where you work and what you do. This is why it is so vital for us that you have a healthy work-life balance.

From day to day, you’ll…..

Collaborating closely with senior stakeholders to understand business requirements and effectively translate them into technical requirements for the development team
Planning and documenting comprehensive technical specifications for features or system design, ensuring a clear roadmap for development and implementation
Designing, building, and configuring applications to meet business process and application requirements, leveraging your technical expertise and problem-solving skills
Directing the development team in all aspects of the software development life cycle, including design, development, coding, testing, and debugging, to deliver high-quality solutions
Writing testable, scalable, and efficient code, leading by example, and setting coding standards for the team
Conducting code reviews and providing constructive feedback to ensure code quality and adherence to best practices
Mentoring and guiding junior team members, fostering their professional growth, and encouraging the adoption of industry best practices
Ensuring that software quality standards are met by enforcing code standards, conducting rigorous testing, and implementing continuous improvement processes
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to align technical solutions with business goals and deliver effective and impactful software applications
Staying updated with the latest technologies and industry trends, continuously enhancing technical skills, and driving innovation within the development team

The Role:

Responsible for developing APIs or web services / microservices and handling system integrations between back-end applications and front-end applications 
Responsible in developing and enhancing existing applications such as retail POS, CRM, eShop, ERP and SSRS applications
Creating, modifying, and updating computer programs for an organization’s information systems, including mainframe applications, client/server applications, and relational database management systems (RDBMS)
Participating in the development of designs and prototypes for new systems
Working with other departments to ensure that the new system is integrated with existing processes
Building new software applications from scratch or developing new features for existing applications
Test and debug software applications and identify required modification to ensure they meet company’s quality standards 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure software solutions are integrated with other systems 

Requirements

If You Are...

At least 3 years of experience in software development
Solid experience in C#.NET / .NET Core programming
Experience integrating with POS, CRM, E-Commerce etc.
Experience with database management systems such as SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle, D365
Familiar with SSRS development is a plus
Cloud experience or knowledge in Azure / AW / Ali Cloud would be a plus
Familiar with one of the latest BI tools is a plus
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Bachelor's degree in computer science, Software Engineering, or related disciplines

Benefits

We Will Offer You....

Chance to work on cutting-edge technology projects 
A Career opportunity with the market leader in the manufacturing and health product sector
Flexible work arrangement, work anytime and anywhere 
Above – industry salary
Dayshift
Weekends Off
Fun working culture with challenges to learn and grow.
Holiday entitlement
Fun working culture with challenges to learn and grow together
Rapid growth opportunities for strong performers.
About the job
What Are We Looking For

We are searching for an innovative Netsuite Developer who will work with our client partner based in Atlanta, Georgia. Our client is a renowned manufacturer and retailer specializing in stylish and innovative smartphone cases, tech accessories, and wearables. In this role, you will be responsible for enhancing our client's brand presence and conversion rates through the effective implementation of brand strategy, all while expanding the brand into new geographical regions.

The ideal candidate will play a pivotal role in enhancing and optimizing the company Netsuite ERP system. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to analyze business requirements and implement tailored solutions.

This is a 100% remote work

In This Role, You Will

 Collaborate with business stakeholders to gather and analyze requirements for Netsuite customization and development. 
 Design, develop, test, and deploy Netsuite solutions that align with business needs, including custom scripts, workflows, and SuiteApps. 
 Maintain and enhance existing Netsuite configurations and codebase. 
 Develop and maintain integrations between Netsuite and other business systems, ensuring seamless data flow. 
 Design and implement data import/export processes, data transformations, and data synchronization. 
 Troubleshoot and resolve integration issues, working closely with cross-functional teams. 
 Configure and administer Netsuite accounts, roles, and permissions to support security and access control. 
 Monitor system performance, troubleshoot issues, and optimize Netsuite configurations. 
 Keep abreast of Netsuite updates and best practices to maximize system efficiency. 
 Create and maintain technical documentation, including system architecture, customization details, and integrations. 
 Provide training and guidance to end-users and colleagues on Netsuite usage and best practices. 


About You

Core qualifications:

 2+ years of proven experience as a Netsuite Developer or Administrator. 
 Strong knowledge of Netsuite customization tools, including SuiteScript, SuiteFlow, and SuiteBuilder. 
 Experience with Netsuite SuiteCloud development platform. 
 Proficiency in JavaScript and scripting languages. 
 Familiarity with web technologies (HTML, CSS, REST, SOAP). 
 Strong problem-solving and analytical skills. 
 Excellent communication and collaboration abilities. 


Why MultiplyMii

MultiplyMii, a premium recruitment & HR services company, is growing FAST and we are currently hiring an exceptional Netsuite Developer who desires to be part of an exciting organization that rewards and values its team members.

One clear benefit for you beyond the long list at the bottom is that MultiplyMii will be there to hold your hand every step of the way, providing you and the client on-boarding, supporting your unique needs, handling any challenges that might come up in your work environment. We are here to give you (and our client) every opportunity to get it right and nurture this relationship.

Shift and Schedule: Open to overlapping US EST business hours
About the job
Overview

Join our award-winning IT team as we lead the way in digital, cloud, and security technology services. You will be playing a critical role in delivering innovative solutions for our biggest client, Canada’s leading telecommunications, tech, and media corporation.

We’re looking for passionate and creative tech leaders who want to take their career to the next level and make a real impact. Our success is fueled by our people and our passion for innovation, so we empower our Qmunity and provide a workplace where they can flourish and grow.

 We offer premium benefits, including: 

 Flexible work setup: home-based or hybrid available (reporting to sites in Taytay, San Mateo, Naga, or upcoming Makati or Ortigas Center) 
 Salary based on experience, miscellaneous allowances 
 Performance bonuses and yearly increase 
 HMO from day 1 for you + 2 free dependents 
 6 months paid maternity/paternity leave 
 Company-sponsored training and upskilling, and career growth opportunities! 
 Signing Bonus worth one month's salary! (Terms and conditions apply) * 

Responsibilities

 You will have an opportunity to… 

 Develop new products and enhance existing products 
 Understand customer needs and gather technical requirements. 
 Propose canvas for good practices regarding code writing, reviews, and deployment workflow. 

Qualifications

 Qualifications: 

 8+ years experience in Software Development 
 3+ years recent Python Experience 
 Expertise in Containerization 
 Strong Knowledge in end-to-end scope in development 
 Experience in working and building framework-based systems
About the job
GoTeam is seeking for a Front-End Developer who will be a key contributor to our innovative products, InterviewRoom and RealPlayAI. With InterviewRoom, our AI-powered interview platform, you will enhance user interfaces and experiences, shaping the future of interviewing and real-time transcription. On RealPlayAI, our Virtual Sales Coaching platform, you will create engaging front-end interfaces for features like role-playing, gamification, and detailed reporting, while seamlessly integrating with leading video streaming platforms.


As a managed operations company, we provide offshore employees to clients in various countries such as Australia, NZ, Singapore, and the US. We offer a friendly, professional team environment with numerous benefits, and we are proud of our caring and compassionate culture.

In This Position, You Will Be

Enhancing the user interface and user experience of InterviewRoom and RealPlayAI.
Contributing to the evolution of AI-powered interviewing and real-time transcription.
Developing engaging and interactive front-end features for RealPlayAI, including role-playing, gamification, sales script creation, and reporting and analytics.
Ensuring seamless integration of our products with video streaming platforms such as Zoom, Teams, and Google Meet.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams including designers, product managers, and backend developers to deliver high-quality solutions.
Staying up-to-date with emerging front-end technologies and industry trends.
Participating in code reviews, writing clean and maintainable code, and adhering to best practices.
Troubleshooting and debug front-end issues to ensure optimal performance and usability.

Skills And Qualifications

Minimum of 1 year of professional experience in front-end development.
Strong proficiency in Vue.js and JavaScript.
Expertise in utilizing various languages and tools for Zoom, Teams, and Google Meet integrations.
Proven track record of building intuitive and user-friendly interfaces for complex web applications.
Familiarity with UX principles and experience working with design systems.
Strong problem-solving skills with meticulous attention to detail.
Experience working with Agile development methodologies and version control systems.
Knowledge or familiarity with AI technologies and a keen interest in their practical applications is a plus.
Quick and adaptive learner, able to rapidly grasp and apply new technologies creatively.
Collaborative mindset, excelling in team environments and effectively working alongside others.
Strong communication skills, capable of clearly conveying technical concepts to both technical and non-technical individuals.
Commitment to continuous personal and professional growth and has strong alignment with our company values and a genuine passion for advancing AI technologies in practical and impactful ways.
Open to working on-site at our Cebu office once per quarter, with GoTeam covering airfare and accommodation expense

Your Benefits

Company-provided laptop and an extra monitor for enhanced productivity and convenience.
7 Habits of Highly Effective People Training.
Your copy of “Little Black Book for Stunning Success”
Exceed Institute, Masterclass and GoTeam Cares program to help you navigate life and build a rich and connected family life.
Get HMO coverage from day one for you and a dependent, with P200K coverage, private room benefits, and P10K medication reimbursement for both. Extend this healthcare opportunity to up to four additional dependents, including your common law partner.
24/7 access to counseling support for mental health through our Employee Assistance Program (EAP), helping you thrive amid parenting challenges, stress, or relationship issues.
Free legal advice and financial consultations as part of the EAP.
P1,000,000 Life Insurance coverage.
Leave policy granting 10 days of annual leave, increasing to 15 days after one year.
Welcome gift on your first day.
Monthly Discover You lunch featuring CEO presentations, leadership training, and Values Awards.
Monthly gratitude celebrations and prizes, including Trivia, Talent Night, Personal Development, and Acoustic Nights.
Welcome Tea with the CEO and work anniversary celebrations.
Earn up to P10K employee referral bonus and a chance to win a trip for two (2) to Bali, Indonesia. 

Your Family’s Benefits
24/7 access to confidential counseling support for mental health for four family members through our Employee’s Family Assistance Program (EFAP).
Preventive Care: Health Education Counseling on diet or exercise, periodic monitoring of health problems, family planning counseling, four (4) wellness sessions, 5 sessions of Mindcare Counseling per member per year with ₱5,000 reimbursement once the 5 sessions are fully consumed.
Free legal advice and financial consultations for four family members as part of the EFAP.
Free Telemedicine for four family members.
Personal invites for your family members to our monthly virtual events, with opportunities to win prizes. 

Our Story

In 2014, our CTO and Founder Matt Kesby starts Go-Virtual Assistants (GO-VA) with one full-time member. The following year, CEO Fiona Kesby moves to Cebu to be onsite as the company scales. She emphasizes that the best way to attract talent is to take exceptional care of them.
In 8 years, GoTeam has grown its client base to business owners from Australia, the U.S., the U.K. and Singapore. Working with highly skilled and motivated team members in GoTeam gives these businesses all the benefits of outsourcing and offshoring, without any of the complications and additional costs of starting their own office locally.


The warmth and welcoming culture of GoTeam starts from Day 1, with our Chief Happiness Officers providing each new team member with a Welcome Kit. HMO Coverage for yourself and 1 dependent kick in on Day 1 as well.


Among GoTeam’s core values are Discovery and Humility. (The overarching one is Care.) Fiona sets an example of leading by these values by consistently encouraging team members to read and discover new skills, industry best practices, and advice for leadership, self-care, and growth.
Monthly “Discover You” events are being held to ensure that the entire company is up-to-date with current developments, celebrate wins from the previous month, and acknowledge those team members who have made an impact in their clients’ businesses and exceed expectations as well.


At GoTeam, no team member is left behind. Everyone is heard and made to feel that they truly belong.


Learn more about Our Culture here: https://go.team/ph/our-culture/
IMPORTANT: While this is a hybrid arrangement, should any recurring issues arise, i.e., internet connectivity, power supply issues, background noise, and alike, you shall be requested to work at the nearest GoTeam office or accredited establishments.
Work Set-up
Any
About the job
Description

ABOUT US

Inspectorio is a SaaS company founded in 2016, aimed at helping brands, retailers and manufacturers build an interconnected supply chain. Through our suite of products, including RISE, SIGHT, and TRACKING, we’re able to support our customers to manage risk through digitalized quality, compliance, and production tracking programs.

Bound by our mission to build an interconnected, sustainable, and transparent supply chain, we’ve grown to over 300 Inspectorians globally in 6 years and was named Best Tech StartUp in 2021 by The Tech Tribune. And the industry sees our vision, as today, Inspectorio is used by over 8,000 customers, including some of the largest brands and retailers in the world.

Challenging ourselves through our commitment to life-time learning is in our DNA. Thus, we’re always in pursuit of raising the bar and delivering high-quality products to our customers. As such, we are currently offering a great opportunity for a Frontend Software Engineer - to join our world class Engineering Team.

Job Summary

We are looking for a Front-end Web Developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. Responsibilities will include translation of the UI/UX design wireframes and detailed requirements to actual code, that will produce high-quality working functions for our clients with stunning visual elements of the application.

You will work with the Product Owner/Business Analyst to understand not only the product requirement, but also the context from our clients on how our features solve their real problems. Besides, you will also work with UI/UX designers and other developers/leaders to bridge the gap between graphical design and technical implementation, taking an active role on both sides and defining how the application looks as well as how it works.

We expect you to be a tech-savvy professional, who is curious about new digital technologies and aspires to combine usability with visual design.

Responsibilities

Work with other team members to understand the requirements, technical solutions and deliver high-quality, well-tested code.
Programming with modern frameworks/libraries such as Angular/React.
Not only implementing new features, but also building reusable code/components for future use.
Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability.
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs.
Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end.
Collaborate with other team members (backend, product, marketing, design) to deliver features that solve users' problems. 

Requirements

REQUIREMENTS

At least 3 years experience in web development.
Extensive knowledge and understanding of JavaScript.
Solid experience working with Angular Framework.
Have good knowledge and hands-on expertise with Reactive programming, RxJS, and Typescript.
Proficient in using CSS, TailwindCSS.
Strong computer science foundation.
Fast learning and passionate about picking up new technologies.
Good English communication skills.
Excellent interpersonal and independent working skills.
Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Experience with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban).

Benefits

Why it would be awesome to work with us

🍹 Unlimited annual leave: Yes, you heard that right! We take work:life balance seriously!
🏝️ Flexible working: You can WFA, or from our many hubs around the world.
💪 Project ownership: Whatever work or social project you’re passionate about, we’ll listen!
🥳 Fun: Company-sponsored trips, weekly parties, sporting events, and more.
🌱 Personal and professional growth: we make sure to invest heavily in our team!
🌎 Global team: you’ll be joining a fun, welcoming and diverse global team from over 40 countries.

Our Values

Carlos Moncayo, our CEO wrote these values himself - he’s deeply passionate about these and they’re at the center of everything we do. They’re in our day-to-day and our driving force for success.

EXCELLENCE: We pursue mastery and craftsmanship. “Good enough” is our enemy. We have a thirst and desire for knowledge. There’s always an opportunity to be better.
AUTONOMY: We act independently when recognizing opportunities for improvement. We seek guidance, and clear goals instead of orders. We self-assess the quality and impact of our work.
COURAGE: We share our opinion, even if it’s uncomfortable. We are candid with colleagues. We are willing to experiment and try something new, even if we’re not sure it will succeed.
HUMBLENESS: We crave opportunities to learn from the people around us. We leave our egos outside the office. We focus on listening to other perspectives.
About the job
GoTeam is looking for a dedicated and talented Legacy Systems Engineer to drive the management and continuous enhancement of our legacy systems. This exciting role will involve extensive work with APIs, various software technologies, and handling of system environments like Linux Server OS, Amazon Web Services Hosting, and Postgres DB. If you have a knack for proactive troubleshooting, system performance optimization, and carry a handful of experience in diverse software languages and infrastructure ecosystems, then we want to hear from you!

In This Position You Will Be
Leading management and development of our various legacy systems, primarily focusing on client's central shipping portal and operational tool for invoice adjustments through HTML3, Perl, PHP, Ajax and Catalyst Framework.
Developing, integrating, and managing APIs necessary for carrier integrations.
Engaging in proactive troubleshooting and optimization of system performance.
Liaising with different teams for both technical and non-technical communication needs.
Handling system upgrades, ensuring minimal work interruptions. 
Migrating old systems to modern systems

Skills And Qualifications
HTML3 Portal: Minimum 2 years of experience (HALO system) 
Perl Language: Minimum 3 years of experience (HALO/Intelliship systems) 
PHP Language: Minimum 2 years of experience (HALO/Intelliship systems) 
Ajax Language: Minimum 2 years of experience (HALO/Intelliship systems) 
API (Rest/Soap/jSon): Minimum 2 years of experience (Intelliship system) 
Catalyst Framework: Minimum 2 years of experience (Intelliship/Resolver systems) 
.Net Framework: Minimum 1 year of experience (Resolver system) 
Linux Server OS: Minimum 2 years of experience 
Amazon Web Services Hosting: Minimum 2 years of experience 
Apache Web Server: Minimum 2 years of experience 
Postgres DB (Amazon RDS): Minimum 2 years of experience 
Windows Server OS: Minimum 1 year of experience 
FTP Server: Minimum 1 year of experience 
Interest and proven experience in working with old/legacy systems and migrating it to modern systems
The candidate should be willing to work night shift for this role

Your Benefits
Company-provided laptop and an extra monitor for enhanced productivity and convenience.
7 Habits of Highly Effective People Training.
Your copy of "Little Black Book for Stunning Success"
Exceed Institute, Masterclass and GoTeam Cares program to help you navigate life and build a rich and connected family life.
Get HMO coverage from day one for you and a dependent, with P200K coverage, private room benefits, and P10K medication reimbursement for both. Extend this healthcare opportunity to up to four additional dependents, including your common law partner.
24/7 access to counseling support for mental health through our Employee Assistance Program (EAP), helping you thrive amid parenting challenges, stress, or relationship issues.
Free legal advice and financial consultations as part of the EAP.
P1,000,000 Life Insurance coverage.
Leave policy granting 10 days of annual leave, increasing to 15 days after one year.
Welcome gift on your first day.
Monthly Discover You lunch featuring CEO presentations, leadership training, and Values Awards.
Monthly gratitude celebrations and prizes, including Trivia, Talent Night, Personal Development, and Acoustic Nights.
Welcome Tea with the CEO and work anniversary celebrations.
Earn up to P10K employee referral bonus and a chance to win a trip for two (2) to Bali, Indonesia.

Your Family's Benefits
24/7 access to confidential counseling support for mental health for four family members through our Employee's Family Assistance Program (EFAP).
Preventive Care: Health Education Counseling on diet or exercise, periodic monitoring of health problems, family planning counseling, four (4) wellness sessions, 5 sessions of Mindcare Counseling per member per year with ₱5,000 reimbursement once the 5 sessions are fully consumed.
Free legal advice and financial consultations for four family members as part of the EFAP.
Free Telemedicine for four family members.
Personal invites for your family members to our monthly virtual events, with opportunities to win prizes.

Our Story

In 2014, our CTO and Founder Matt Kesby started Go-Virtual Assistants (GO-VA) with one full-time member. The following year, CEO Fiona Kesby moves to Cebu to be onsite as the company scaled. She emphasizes that the best way to attract talent is to take exceptional care of them.

In 8 years, GoTeam has grown its client base to business owners from Australia, the U.S., the U.K., and Singapore, among others. Working with highly skilled and motivated team members in GoTeam gives these businesses all the benefits of outsourcing and offshoring, without any of the complications and additional costs of starting their own office locally.

The warmth and welcoming culture of GoTeam starts from Day 1, with our Chief Happiness Officers providing each new team member with a Welcome Kit. HMO Coverage for yourself and 1 dependent kick in on Day 1 as well.

Among GoTeam’s core values are Discovery and Humility. (The overarching one is Care.) Fiona sets an example of leading by these values by consistently encouraging team members to read and discover new skills, industry best practices, and advice for leadership, self-care, and growth.

Monthly “Discover You” events are being held to ensure that the entire company is up-to-date with current developments, celebrate wins from the previous month, and acknowledge those team members who have made an impact in their clients’ businesses and exceed expectations as well.

At GoTeam, no team member is left behind. Everyone is heard and made to feel that they truly belong.

Learn more about Our Culture here: https://go.team/ph/our-culture/

Work Set-up

Home
About the job
Overview

Join our award-winning IT team as we lead the way in digital, cloud, and security technology services. You will be playing a critical role in delivering innovative solutions for our biggest client, Canada’s leading telecommunications, tech, and media corporation.

We’re looking for passionate and creative leaders who want to take their career to the next level and make a real impact. Our success is fueled by our people and our passion for innovation, so we empower our Qmunity and provide a workplace where they can flourish and grow.

 We offer premium benefits, including: 

 Flexible work arrangement (reporting to sites in Taytay, San Mateo, Naga, or upcoming Metro Manila Center) 
 Salary based on experience, miscellaneous allowances 
 Performance bonuses and yearly increase 
 HMO from day 1 for you + 2 free dependents 
 6 months paid maternity/paternity leave 
 Company-sponsored training and upskilling, and career growth opportunities! 

Responsibilities

 You will have an opportunity to… 

 Be one of the key members of the team building the next generation, highly scalable Enterprise Applications. You will coordinate with Technical Architect, Development Leads in understanding the project requirements and work on effective implementation. 
 Coordinating with development teams to determine application requirements 
 Writing scalable code using Python programming language 
 Integrating data storage solutions. 
 Coordinating with front-end developers. 

Qualifications

 Must Have: 

 Solid experience of at least 3-5 years in Python programming 
 Fundamentals of Machine learning/ AI. 
 Experience on Python web frameworks and event-driven programming in Python 
 Experience in ORM libraries 
 Experience in working with various design patterns 
 Experience with DevOps tools (Jenkins, GitHub) 
 Familiar with Agile delivery process 

 Nice to Have: 

 SAS Certified Base / Advanced Programmer Certification 
 Backend experience 
 Enjoy the following benefits: 
 Hybrid set up 
 Equipment will be provided 
 Competitive Salary, Pay per performance, and bonuses! 
 HMO upon day 1 + 2 dependents free up to 75 y/o 
 6 months paid maternity/paternity leave 
 Group life Insurance and so much more! 

If this role sounds exciting to you, click  APPLY NOW  !
About the job
Software Developer / Back End Developer for Image Processing (Project Based, Remote Work)

Hue Lens is hiring a short-term project-based Software Developer / Back End Developer for Image Processing (Project Based, Remote Work). You’ll focus on developing the “Lens Comparison Tool” (Image processing application) which will be integrated into Hue’s website. This involves taking an image file and modifying the image file based on optical data of different lenses (which will adjust each pixel’s color, saturation, brightness, etc) and output a modified image. Basically, this web tool simulates how an image will look when wearing different optical lenses.
Overall, the responsibilities for this role are the following:
Work on the image processing algorithms that would be the core of the lens comparison web tool. This is in collaboration with the engineering team to identify how the image should change based on optical data.
Ensure that the image processing is fast/efficient and doesn’t hinder the user experience.
Conduct integration with the web development team and Databases.
Ensure that the web tool is tested sufficiently to ensure that bugs are identified and fixed.

Image Transformation:
There are different ways to transform images. One of which is changing the RGB/LAB color values of each pixel based on an algorithm and rendering the new images based on the new color values.
For this project, other tools that can be used to transform images (e.g. ICC profiles, etc.) are welcome as long as the output is achieved.

Hue Lens is an entrepreneurial American lens technology company that designs and supplies world-class polymer lenses to customers worldwide. We are entrepreneurial, result-focused, and fast-paced. Our lenses deliver the highest enhancement to human visual performance and health.
This is a work-from-home (WFH) position in the Philippines.

Project Compensation: ₱ 150,000 - 300,000 commensurate with work experience, educational attainment, fit, and performance.
Position: Project Based Estimated Duration: ~ 2 months Time Requirement: Output-Based, may occasionally have morning or evening meetings for some updates to match US time. Note: Project milestones will be identified at the start of the project.

Requirements:
BS Computer Science or equivalent degree
Able to communicate well in English (both verbally and in writing)
At least 5 years of professional experience in Software Development or Back End Web Development (REST APIs, Databases, etc).
Any programming language, although Python and Python Frameworks (Django, Flask, etc) are preferred.
At least 2 years in an image processing / image modification application (direct experience in image processing is an advantage).
Experience in Python or any other programming language ( C++, Javascript, etc) related to image processing.
PIL / PILLOW (Python), ImageMagick, GraphicsMagick, OpenCV, Scikit-image, NumPy, Mahotas, or any equivalent image processing tool.
ICC profiles or other tools not listed but can be used to transform images are welcome.
Able to show completed projects that showcase their work experience. Being able to showcase previous image processing projects is an advantage.
Have experience working seamlessly with front-end and back-end development teams
Great problem solver and follows best practices in programming.
Provides subject matter knowledge and understands the company’s overall goals for the application.
About the job
WebFX is a proud Google Premier Partner with 6 offices in the US as well as an office in Guatemala and another one in South Africa! We are continuing to expand worldwide and would love for you to be a part of that! In fact, we doubled in size in the past 5 years and are projecting to once again double in size and be a global, publicly traded tech company by the year 2030 - operating in every continent, servicing clients globally. We currently have talented team members across the globe (representing 18+ Countries) who work remotely full-time and have done so for 10+ years.

No matter where you’re located, we’d love to have you join our mission of providing world-class digital marketing solutions to mid-size businesses on a global scale. We thrive on driving business growth for our clients and are looking for people who take pride in their marketing efforts and enjoy having fun at the same time. Sound like you? Great! Keep reading:

Why Choose WebFX

For 8 years in a row, WebFX has been named the #1 Best Place to Work in Pennsylvania, which is our headquarters’ home state! As a company, we pride ourselves on being able to offer the same culture and benefits to our global team members. In addition to very competitive base pay, we offer company profit-sharing, performance bonuses, and health insurance (including dental, vision, remote doctor, etc.). To aid in your success, we provide world-class digital marketing training (Organic SEO, Local SEO, PPC, Google Analytics + Studio, etc.), long-term career track opportunities, and ongoing learning bonuses (yes, you can get paid to learn!), along with numerous other benefits!

Read below to learn about some of the benefits you can expect when working with WebFX:
 No matter where you are located or your position, WebFX offers long-term stability to all of our FXFamily members. In fact, many of our global/remote team members have been with WebFX for 10+ years, and we’re hoping you can be too! 🌏
 We put our people first; it’s as simple as that. You’re never on your own - when you run into inevitable challenges, we’re there to support you along the way!
 Long-lasting relationships with both clients and team members due to consistently low turnover rates, which are simply unheard of in our industry because, again, we put our people first.
 When you join WebFX, you don’t just join a company; you join a community! We value all of our team members the same, regardless of their position or where they call home. We truly look forward to learning about you and your background, and we will be there to celebrate the milestones in your life together, no matter how big or small! 👏
 Access to virtual professional development opportunities with company experts and virtual team-building events like monthly meetups and hangouts.
 Invitation to our annual FXFest – an all-expenses paid trip for our international team members (with a 1-year tenure) to our company headquarters. The week-long event is filled with activities, learning, and motivation to help unite our U.S. and global staff! 🛫
 Fully equipped in-home office setup including computer, dual large monitors, headset, seriously fast internet, generator, and more! 🖥️
 Multiple schedule options from which to choose. 📅
 Be part of a rapidly growing company that, at the same time, only partners with clients who share our values. 🌱📈
 Unrestricted access to our dozens of proprietary software/platforms our internal R&D team has developed for our team’s exclusive use, in addition to access to the many 3rd party tools and software we utilize internally in order to WOW our clients. You can learn more about just some of our proprietary tools here .
 Merit-based promotional structure.
 Annual merit-based compensation increases! 💰
 We have a very strong commitment to giving back globally - in fact, it’s one of our values here at WebFX. As a member of our FXFamily, you get to be a large part of that simply by achieving your goals - since 2014, we’ve committed to donating globally through our FXBuilds program. You can learn more about that here !

What You'll Get

World-Class Training and Ongoing Career Development
 No matter your level of experience, our “Bootcamp” web marketing training program is provided for all new WebFX “family members” to learn, grow and develop in and out of the office with the hard skills necessary to be successful in their position.
 From training with our Award-Winning Sr. Developers, Designers, and Project Managers to access to countless industry-leading online training resources/courses/tutorials to getting experience with nearly 1,500+ different clients with various platforms, digital services, and in every industry you can think of (and then some), our training program is simply unrivaled!
 Training doesn’t stop after your initial training period, we offer career development training and monthly Lunch-and-Learns with our state-of-the-art training amenities to facilitate departmental training, industry-related updates, and more!
 FXLearns program – where you get incentives for taking advantage of our countless industry training resources!
 After 1,500+ clients, we’ve been able to truly master our processes and procedures – you will be trained on all of those - no need to develop how to do things (unless you want to help us continually improve that process) – because we refuse to ever stagnate, we are always pushing to make those processes 1% better too!

Opportunities for Growth

WebFX grew 250%+ over the past 3 years both locally and globally, and merit-based promotional opportunities are abundant if you're meeting or exceeding position performance metrics. We believe in growing and promoting our internal team first and foremost. In fact, 95% of our promotions are internal! All team members have a very clearly defined progression path, so you know exactly what is expected of you so you can put your career in your own hands. And what’s more, you’re not expected to know it all - we believe in continually striving to be an expert in your subject matter of expertise – so while we will purposely challenge you to grow in SEO/PPC/Google Analytics, we are a full-service agency that has experts in other departments that handle everything else - from link building, social media, web design, and web development. This is done so you can truly master your trade.

We currently have over 40 team members located in the Philippines, and our goal is to double that number within the next 2 years!

Who We're Looking For

General Knowledge
Strong understanding of WordPress
General understanding of web maintenance

Experience
Strong English (written and verbal). Your resume must be in English to be considered.
WordPress admin editing experience (coding skills nice to have but not required)
Git Version control (or other version control software)
Browser testing abilities using built-in developer tools
Server admin platforms like C-Panel
Previous development firm/agency environment

Qualities
Passion for supporting a team
Demonstrates ability to get things done
Commitment to delivering high-quality and defect-free projects to clients
Capable of individual “deep work”
Ability to collaborate with a team to complete projects rapidly
Strong time management skills, can meet deadlines consistently
Takes direction well, but also able to make decisions and take initiative
Strong communication skills
Ability to work independently
Stays up-to-date on the latest web technologies
Professional, dependable, solid work ethic, detail-oriented, dedicated to quality, self-motivated
Enjoys solving problems
Customer-centric mentality
An eye for detail and a dedication to quality

What You'll Do
Run security updates on WordPress sites 
QA testing from a web user perspective
Debug and problem-solve across a wide variety of open-source and mobile platforms
Assist in the optimization of site speed on client websites

Percentage Breakdown
60-70% Security updates and testing
20-30% Site speed optimization
10% Consulting with other team members

Compensation

Negotiable, based on experience

Annual merit-based increases

Working Hours

Asia (Philippines / Indonesia)

This position requires overlapping hours from 3:30 AM EST - 12:00 PM EST (New York Time Zone) Monday - Friday.

Africa / Europe (Ghana, UK, Ireland, Kenya, etc) 

This position requires overlapping hours from 6:00 AM EST - 2:30 PM EST, Monday - Friday. The 40 hours of work doesn’t include any lunch or breaks.
 This excludes South Africa. South Africa has additional hours options.

North America & South America

This position requires overlapping hours from 8:00 AM EST - 4:30 PM EST, Monday - Friday. The 40 hours of work doesn’t include any lunch or breaks.

Check out our culture on social media:

Instagram

Twitter

Facebook

Please submit a resume or CV (in English) to be considered for this opportunity.
You don't need to apply more than once, even if you're interested in multiple positions - you can simply let us know! We consider all open roles when reviewing resumes and applications! 

WebFX is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to providing and fostering an inclusive environment where all people, including women, minorities, LGBTQ+, and other underrepresented groups, are supported, respected, and encouraged to excel within STEM careers. Our goal as an organization is to empower our team to achieve their personal best, bring people together, and provide equal opportunity to do so regardless of race, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, physical ability or disability, or political affiliation. You can learn more on our website here !
About the job
Overview

Join our award-winning IT team as we lead the way in digital, cloud, and security technology services. You will be playing a critical role in delivering innovative solutions for our biggest client, Canada’s leading telecommunications, tech, and media corporation.

We’re looking for passionate and creative tech leaders who want to take their career to the next level and make a real impact. Our success is fueled by our people and our passion for innovation, so we empower our Qmunity and provide a workplace where they can flourish and grow.

 We offer premium benefits, including: 

 Flexible work setup: home-based or hybrid available (reporting to sites in Taytay, San Mateo, Naga, or upcoming Makati or Ortigas Center) 
 Salary based on experience, and miscellaneous allowances. 
 Performance bonus and yearly increase 
 HMO from day 1 for you + 2 free dependents 
 6 months paid maternity/paternity leave 
 Company-sponsored training and upskilling, and career growth opportunities! 
 Signing Bonus worth one month's salary! (Terms and conditions apply)* 

Responsibilities

 You will have an opportunity to… 

 Develop and support the modernization and next evolution of our Household Ordering systems 
 Participate in the analysis, design, and development of middleware and Back End systems to evolve our microservice architecture 
 Collaborate in research and development activities to continuously improve our ordering systems. 
 Collaborate closely with your colleagues following Agile principles on cross-functional initiatives and cross business unit projects. 

Qualifications

 Minimum Required Skills & Experience: 

 At least 5 years of experience working on a software development developing complex applications with Go and/or Java 
 3+ years of experience in DevOps and software engineering principles including: TDD/BDD, Peer Program m ing, CI/CD 
 Demonstrated understanding of Web API development standards: gRPC , GraphQL , REST, SOAP XML 
 3+ years of experience in Cloud Technologies (AWS, GCP) and containerized application development with technologies including: OpenShift , Docker, Kubernetes 
 Strong communicator and team player 

 You will thrive in this role if you have... 

 Working experience in Product Catalogs and Configure, Price, Quote (CPQ) rules engines 
 Fluency with systems and technology concepts (TM forum standards, Telco BSS/OSS architecture, order management/billing/CRM systems) 
 Navigating complexity and creative problem solving 
 Experience with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, SAFe ) 
 CI/CD Tooling: GitLab, Jenkins, Git 
 SQL and Non-SQL databases: PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MongoDB, Redis, Cassandra, Oracle, SQL Server 
 Caching Tools: Redis, Red Hat DataGrid, SOSS 

If this role sounds exciting to you, click  APPLY NOW!
About the job
Systems Engineering Director – Subsea APAC 

Location: Remote, APAC. 

India, Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea, Japan, Australia. 

Vacancy Closing Date Friday 20th October, 2023. 

Role Summary

Infinera provides leading edge submarine network solutions in an era of open cable systems, ensuring a reliable on-time deployment that scales with our customers’ bandwidth needs.

Infinera’s highly successful submarine team is expanding and looking for a customer facing sales team representative working with account directors focused on specific accounts. Perform technical tasks, including written proposals, network design and engineering and quotes. Highly motivated professional, able to work independently, must be able to communicate solutions to customers and manage ongoing technical relationship. Also work with internal Infinera organization to drive product requirements and provide customer feedback to product management.

Job Description

Presales technical support for Infinera subsea business in EMEA as a subsea SLTE solutions architect
Provide product and technical expertise to support sales efforts of Infinera subsea SLTE and related solutions (e.g. terrestrial transport, NMS, DCN)
Consult with current and potential customers on application of Infinera subsea SLTE solutions by analysing networks and identifying requirements
Ownership of subsea SLTE network design, bill of material, solution descriptions and presentations
Expertise in use of Infinera network design and modelling tools
Assist with preparation of customer proposals and quotations
Support Infinera sales and project team with closing orders and implementation delivery of network solutions
Support sales and project team as a technical expert
Assist with technical marketing of Infinera solutions as well as providing customer and market feedback in terms of trends and solution requirements

Qualifications

Bachelor's or Master 's degree in Telecommunication, Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent technical degree
Technical expertise in submarine network and SLTE design. Subsea business experience.
Technical knowledge in optical networking (i.e. DWDM, ROADM, OTN). Understanding of data networking (Ethernet, IP) desired.
Exhibit a high degree of presentation, interpersonal and communications skills
Proven ability to work in a team oriented environment, participating in solutions architecture discussions
Experience with responding to RFP/RFQ and technical quotations
Extensive industry experience
Fluency in English
Experience of either working in a team lead role, or as an industry expert individual contributor. 
Experience of APAC customers in the operator, tier 1, ICP and subsea cable consortium space. 

Desired Characteristics

Highly motivated technical individual that desires to work on application of advanced transport technologies
The ability to demonstrate leadership in technical sales activities 
Ability to understand customer needs and use technical expertise to develop customer solutions 
Ability to develop customer relationships and work well with customers 
Flexible individual that is able to handle multiple tasks with minimal supervision 
Team player

Locations

This role is field based with extensive travel around the APAC region
Preferred locations: APAC

Infinera is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Infinera complies with all applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.
About the job
Overview

Join our award-winning IT team as we lead the way in digital, cloud, and security technology services. You will be playing a critical role in delivering innovative solutions for our biggest client, Canada’s leading telecommunications, tech, and media corporation.

We’re looking for passionate and creative tech leaders who want to take their career to the next level and make a real impact. Our success is fueled by our people and our passion for innovation, so we empower our Qmunity and provide a workplace where they can flourish and grow.

 We offer premium benefits, including: 

 Flexible work setup: home-based or hybrid available (reporting to sites in Taytay, San Mateo, Naga, or upcoming Makati or Ortigas Center) 
 Salary based on experience, miscellaneous allowances. 
 Performance bonus and yearly increase 
 HMO from day 1 for you + 2 free dependents 
 6 months paid maternity/paternity leave 
 Company-sponsored training and upskilling, and career growth opportunities! 

Responsibilities

 Support data pipelines within and BI Hadoop production environments 
 Support and troubleshoot technical problems within BI GCP and BI Hadoop environments 
 Share technical expertise with team and provide recommendations for best practices. 
 Support production processes within BI teams 
 Support outages, delays & major deployments within the BI environment. 

Qualifications

 University Degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science
 3+ years of industry experience working with complex ETLs and relational databases. 
 Hands-on experiences working with GCP technologies like Cloud DataFlow, Cloud DataProc, Cloud Composer, Cloud DataFusion. 
 Big Data and unstructured data technologies including HDFS, Spark, Map Reduce, Hive, Impala, Cloudera, NoSQL, Oozie, Sqoop
 Advanced knowledge and experience with SQL and relational databases such as Teradata, ORACLE, SQL Server. 
 Have experience working with Python and Java. 
 Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills and experience in developing Big Data ingestion frameworks or experience in working with data ingestion tools. 
 Able to troubleshoot code written by other people, including understanding the business logic implemented and ensuring the code is optimal. 
 Able to prioritize, multitask and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills is required. 
 Collaborative spirit to share learnings and knowledge with peers. 

Qualification/ Requirements:

 Experience with Big Data and unstructured data technologies including HDFS, Spark, Map Reduce, Hive, Impala, Cloudera, NoSQL, Oozie, Sqoop. 
 Have familiarity with Google technologies and have experience working on the framework. 
 Have a degree in Computer Science, Linguistics, or any similar programs. 
 Excellent communication skills
 Proficient in MS Applications
 Able to work in a night shift and flexible schedule. 

If you’re ready to take the next step in your career,APPLY NOW!
About the job
Are you looking for a role that motivates and challenges you? Are you ready for an opportunity for growth? Do you want to work on teams where people roll up their sleeves to take on tough problems together, and regularly blow the doors off our clients with their outstanding teamwork? If you answered yes to those questions, 3Cloud might just be for you!

At 3Cloud, we hire people who aren’t afraid to experiment or fail. We hire people who are willing to give direct and candid feedback to their managers, leaders, and team members. We hire people who jump at those opportunities because they care about our collective growth and success. We hire people who challenge and hold each other accountable for living 3Cloud’s core values because they know that it will result in amazing experiences and solutions for our clients and each other.

Job Highlights:

Our technology focus is on Azure – you’ll have plenty of exciting opportunities to grow your skills in Microsoft and Azure in an environment committed to technical excellence and client experience in a very specific, defined space. Six months of experience on our team is worth years somewhere else.
Microsoft Partnerships – Our great global relationship with Microsoft ensures that we have a pipeline of cutting-edge Azure work opportunities, and access to the teams that have built the platform. You won’t find this at other places.
Competitive compensation package, salary, allowance, standard benefits including quarterly and annual performance-based cash bonus and other remuneration.
Great working environment and company culture with flexible work location.

Key Responsibilities:

Support the development of high performing, reliable and scalable solutions
Clearly communicate technical details to business and management personnel
Work independently or on a team to design and develop database solutions
Assist business development team with pre-sales activities and RFPs

Qualifications: 

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, data science or a related field
Minimum of 5 years of experience with database design, at least 2 years with Azure technologies, and previous Consulting experience
Knowledge of Databricks development, including Scala, Python, and Spark
Advanced knowledge of SQL, including ability to write stored procedures, triggers, analytic functions, and performance tuning for Synapse
Ability to develop utilizing the following technologies: 
Data Movement (Apache Spark, plus Azure Data Factory and legacy SSIS)
Data Warehousing (Azure Synapse, CosmosDB)
Azure Storage Technologies (Data Lake, Blob Storage)
Expertise in Spark DataFrames API and architecture to ingest and manipulate data, including exploring, preprocessing, joining, filtering, dropping sorting, partitioning, and renaming/manipulating columns in the dataset
Understanding of network infrastructure and security including
Workspace Deployment
Azure Cloud Concepts
Network Security
Experience with Informatica (Informatica migration experience would be nice)
Eagerness to contribute in a team-oriented environment
Desire to work in an information systems environment
Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills for both technical and non-technical teams
Passionate about learning new technologies
Analytical approach to problem-solving; ability to use technology to solve business problems
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment

Preferred Experience/Skills: 

Machine Learning/AI Practitioner expertise, including
Predictive, Prescription, and Descriptive Analytics using Data Science tools and technologies
Experience with Azure ML Studio/Services, and R programming language
Understanding of analysis models, including Supervised vs Unsupervised, Regression vs Classification, clustering, and cross-validation
Building, Tuning, and deploying analysis models with Spark ML and ML Flow
Knowledge of Power BI is a plus
Relevant Certifications are a plus

Don’t meet every single requirement? At 3Cloud we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway.

At this time, we cannot sponsor applicants for work visas.
About the job
WebFX is a proud Google Premier Partner with 6 offices in the US as well as an office in Guatemala and another one in South Africa! We are continuing to expand worldwide and would love for you to be a part of that! In fact, we doubled in size in the past 5 years and are projecting to once again double in size and be a global, publicly traded tech company by the year 2030 - operating in every continent, servicing clients globally. We currently have talented team members across the globe (representing 18+ Countries) who work remotely full-time and have done so for 10+ years.

No matter where you’re located, we’d love to have you join our mission of providing world-class digital marketing solutions to mid-size businesses on a global scale. We thrive on driving business growth for our clients and are looking for people who take pride in their marketing efforts and enjoy having fun at the same time. Sound like you? Great! Keep reading:

Why Choose WebFX

For 8 years in a row, WebFX has been named the #1 Best Place to Work in Pennsylvania, which is our headquarters’ home state! As a company, we pride ourselves on being able to offer the same culture and benefits to our global team members. In addition to very competitive base pay, we offer company profit-sharing, performance bonuses, and health insurance (including dental, vision, remote doctor, etc.). To aid in your success, we provide world-class digital marketing training (Organic SEO, Local SEO, PPC, Google Analytics + Studio, etc.), long-term career track opportunities, and ongoing learning bonuses (yes, you can get paid to learn!), along with numerous other benefits!

Read below to learn about some of the benefits you can expect when working with WebFX:
 No matter where you are located or your position, WebFX offers long-term stability to all of our FXFamily members. In fact, many of our global/remote team members have been with WebFX for 10+ years, and we’re hoping you can be too! 🌏
 We put our people first; it’s as simple as that. You’re never on your own - when you run into inevitable challenges, we’re there to support you along the way!
 Long-lasting relationships with both clients and team members due to consistently low turnover rates, which are simply unheard of in our industry because, again, we put our people first.
 When you join WebFX, you don’t just join a company; you join a community! We value all of our team members the same, regardless of their position or where they call home. We truly look forward to learning about you and your background, and we will be there to celebrate the milestones in your life together, no matter how big or small! 👏
 Access to virtual professional development opportunities with company experts and virtual team-building events like monthly meetups and hangouts.
 Invitation to our annual FXFest – an all-expenses paid trip for our international team members (with a 1-year tenure) to our company headquarters. The week-long event is filled with activities, learning, and motivation to help unite our U.S. and global staff! 🛫
 Fully equipped in-home office setup including computer, dual large monitors, headset, seriously fast internet, generator, and more! 🖥️
 Multiple schedule options from which to choose. 📅
 Be part of a rapidly growing company that, at the same time, only partners with clients who share our values. 🌱📈
 Unrestricted access to our dozens of proprietary software/platforms our internal R&D team has developed for our team’s exclusive use, in addition to access to the many 3rd party tools and software we utilize internally in order to WOW our clients. You can learn more about just some of our proprietary tools here .
 Merit-based promotional structure.
 Annual merit-based compensation increases! 💰
 We have a very strong commitment to giving back globally - in fact, it’s one of our values here at WebFX. As a member of our FXFamily, you get to be a large part of that simply by achieving your goals - since 2014, we’ve committed to donating globally through our FXBuilds program. You can learn more about that here !

What You'll Get

World-Class Training and Ongoing Career Development
 No matter your level of experience, our “Bootcamp” web marketing training program is provided for all new WebFX “family members” to learn, grow and develop in and out of the office with the hard skills necessary to be successful in their position.
 From training with our Award-Winning Sr Developers, Designers and Project Managers to access to countless industry-leading online training resources/courses/tutorials to getting experience with nearly 1,500+ different clients with various platforms, digital services and in every industry you can think of (and then some), our training program is simply unrivaled!
 Training doesn’t stop after your initial training period, we offer career development training and monthly Lunch-and-Learns with our state-of-the-art training amenities to facilitate departmental trainings, industry-related updates, and more!
 FXLearns program – where you get incentives for taking advantage of our countless industry training resources
 After 1,500+ clients, we’ve been able to truly master our processes and procedures – you will be trained on all of those - no need to develop how to do things (unless you want to help us continually improve that process!) – because we refuse to ever stagnate, we are always pushing the envelope to make those processes 1% better too!

Opportunities for Growth

WebFX grew 250%+ over the past 3 years both locally and globally, and merit-based promotional opportunities are abundant if you're meeting or exceeding position performance metrics. We believe in growing and promoting our internal team first and foremost. In fact, 95% of our promotions are internal! All team members have a very clearly defined progression path, so you know exactly what is expected of you so you can put your career in your own hands. And what’s more, you’re not expected to know it all - we believe in continually striving to be an expert in your subject matter of expertise – so while we will purposely challenge you to grow in SEO/PPC/Google Analytics, we are a full-service agency that has experts in other departments that handle everything else - from link building, social media, web design, and web development. This is done so you can truly master your trade.

We currently have over 40 team members located in the Philippines, and our goal is to double that number within the next 2 years!

What You'll Do

WebFX developers typically work on 25+ projects per year, so there is a high level of variety in work and two days are never the same!

Our web-based projects use a variety of frameworks selected on a per-project basis. Some of the more popular frameworks our team leverages in projects are WordPress, Magento, Bootstrap, Zend Framework 2, and Google Functions. Training will be provided on all of our core platforms, tools, and technologies.

Responsibilities
Coordinate and participate in the programming, implementation, testing, and support of web-based projects using modern frameworks such as React.js and Feathers for Node.js 
Program, develop, and produce data-driven web applications, websites, and mobile apps using the latest technology solutions and software
Consult with clients and the account team to ensure the use of effective Internet-based technologies for enterprise business applications
Debug and problem-solve across a wide variety of open-source and mobile platforms

Percentage Breakdown
45% maintenance and debugging
40% building new functionality
10% consulting with other team members and clients
5% planning and quoting new functionality

Desired Education
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related discipline is preferred
Pre-employment testing is required

General Knowledge
Fluent in English (written and verbal). Your resume must be in English to be considered.
Comfortable with both object-oriented and procedural programming methodologies
Strong knowledge of database design and troubleshooting (MySQL, MongoDB)
Strong understanding of software development life-cycle and best practices

Who We're Looking For
Qualities
Passion for web development
Likes to get things done
Commitment to delivering high-quality and defect-free projects to clients
Ability to work well in a high-concurrency environment (many projects)
Capable of individual “deep work” as well as the ability to collaborate with a team to complete projects rapidly
Strong time-management skills and can meet deadlines consistently
Takes direction well, but also able to make decisions and take initiative
Strong communication skills
Ability to work independently
Up-to-date on the latest web technologies
Professional, dependable, solid work ethic, detail-oriented, dedicated to quality, self-motivated
Enjoys solving problems
Customer-centric mentality

You Must Have Experience With
At least 2+ years of working web development experience (not just side projects)
Solid project-level experience with at least one open-source CMS platform such as WordPress, Shopify, Joomla, Drupal, etc.
Web-based programming languages (e.g. JavaScript, HTML)
Mobile app development and/or React Native
 Node.js 
Google Cloud Platform or Amazon Web Services
OOP and procedural programming methodologies
Standard Compliant HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
CSS Frameworks (e.g. Bootstrap, Foundation, Intuit)
JS Frameworks (e.g. jQuery, React.js , Vue, Backbone)
Git Version control (or other version control software)
Package management and Task Runners (e.g. NPM, Yarn, Gulp, Grunt)
Browser testing abilities using built-in developer tools
E-commerce solutions and be well-versed in e-commerce methodologies and best practices
Previous development firm/agency environment
A Plus if you have - TensorFlow and Machine Learning Experience

Requires reliable, high-speed internet access

Compensation

Negotiable, based on experience

Annual merit-based increases

Working Hours

Asia (Philippines / Indonesia)

This position requires overlapping hours from 3:30 AM EST - 12:00 PM EST (New York Time Zone) Monday - Friday.

Africa / Europe (Ghana, UK, Ireland, Kenya, etc) 

This position requires overlapping hours from 6:00 AM EST - 2:30 PM EST, Monday - Friday. The 40 hours of work doesn’t include any lunch or breaks.
 This excludes South Africa. South Africa has additional hours options.

North America & South America

This position requires overlapping hours from 8:00 AM EST - 4:30 PM EST, Monday - Friday. The 40 hours of work doesn’t include any lunch or breaks.

Check out our culture on social media:

Instagram

Twitter

Facebook

Please submit a resume or CV (in English) to be considered for this opportunity.
You don't need to apply more than once, even if you're interested in multiple positions - you can simply let us know! We consider all open roles when reviewing resumes and applications! 

WebFX is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to providing and fostering an inclusive environment where all people, including women, minorities, LGBTQ+, and other underrepresented groups, are supported, respected, and encouraged to excel within STEM careers. Our goal as an organization is to empower our team to achieve their personal best, bring people together, and provide equal opportunity to do so regardless of race, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, physical ability or disability, or political affiliation. You can learn more on our website here !
About the job
Full WFH with Flexible working arrangement|Competitive Compensation & Benefits

About Our Client

Leading modern outsourcing platform that connects SMBs to high-quality remote workers, from SDRs to virtual assistants and more. With roots in Silicon Valley, and backing from top venture capitalists, our workers are supercharged with a combination of the latest AI technology and training.

Job Description
Conduct in-depth research on emerging machine learning technologies and provide insights and recommendations to the organization.
Use AI technologies and APIs to drive business growth and improve operational efficiency through automation and other means..
Implement software solutions and conduct code reviews.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify areas where AI can be leveraged to drive innovation and growth.
Develop and implement best practices for development and deployment.
The Successful Applicant
A bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field.
Background in working and interacting with existing APIs
knowledge of machine learning algorithms and their applications.
Strong programming skills (JavaScript - preferably React, Next, Node)
Excellent communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.
A passion for staying current with emerging technologies and trends.
Nice to have: experience with AI libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and scikit-learn.

What's On Offer
Competitive Salary
Allowances
HMO (w/ dependent coverage)
Full WFH with Flexible working arrangement
Contact: Gian Borgonia

Quote job ref: JN-102023-6216804
About the job
A U.S.-based company that has successfully built a beloved platform where millions of users can join online communities and share relevant content, is looking for a Web Front-End Engineer. The selected candidate will work with talented individuals and drive features in a high-impact project where they will be involved in technical & product strategy on a zero-to-one product. The renowned social media platform enables users across the globe to interact with each other, post links, produce content, and participate in discussions over painstakingly moderated communities. This company has managed to raise more than $1.2 Billion during its Series F round of funding. This position requires a 4-hour overlap with the PST time zone.
Job Responsibilities:
Lend your technical expertise to support and maintain the existing platform
Develop transformative features by analyzing user interaction
Drive user engagement by fine-tuning the platform’s front-end features
Collaborate effectively with teams in a fully remote setting and adeptly explain complex concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Job Requirements:
Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
At least 5+ years of relevant experience as a Front-End Engineer
Proficiency in one or more programming languages, such as JavaScript, TypeScript, or ES6
Familiarity with one or more frameworks like LIT, Polymer, React, Vue, or Angular
Experience working with CSS
Knowledge and experience with GraphQL, REST, HTTP, and Thrift basics
Ability to design and implement maintainable APIs would be a plus
Previous experience with distributed caching layers and large-scale data storage systems
Strong organizational skills, including task prioritization and the ability to meet project deadlines
Entrepreneurial spirit, proactive approach, and resilience in the face of challenges or setbacks
Ability to thrive in situations of ambiguity and work autonomously
Good English communication skills
About the job
Description

About Us

Inspectorio is a cloud-based SaaS solution focused on creating a dynamic and risk-assessment based Quality and Compliance program with the goal of generating more sustainable and transparent supply chains. Our network is a one-stop-shop platform where all key stakeholders in the production process can connect to execute, monitor, and report on Quality and Compliance activities.

Our products provide digitization, automation, transparency, and traceability, with a strong focus on advanced analytics & Machine Learning. This enables us to leverage customer data for predictive insights and dynamic risk-based interventions.

Founded in 2016, Inspectorio set out to revolutionize the supply chain industry. Today, we work with many of the world’s leading brands and retailers, and over thousands of vendors and factory organizations across the globe to bring unparalleled levels of visibility, transparency, and accuracy to their quality, sustainability, and compliance initiatives!

Responsibilities

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand project requirements.
Verify that user stories align with customer needs and expectations.
Planning and estimating the testing activities that need to perform for the Products.
Conduct acceptance testing to ensure that software meets specified acceptance criteria.
Provide guidance to the Development team on effective testing practices.
Provide feedback to the development team to ensure product quality, user story completeness and assess risks.
Discover application errors and contribute to incident handling and prevention.
Report and track any deviations from acceptance criteria.
Monitor assurance metrics and process results and provide feedback.
Develop a deep understanding of the application under test and its architecture.

Requirements

Minimum of 2 years of experience in a QA role, including creating and maintaining development processes.
Strong understanding of QA methodologies, tools, and processes.
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process.
Effective requirement analysis skills.
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills.
Detail-oriented with a passion for delivering high-quality software.
Ability to identify, communicate, and escalate issues. 
Strong time-management skills.
Solid skills in Database and SQL, with the ability to effectively understand and navigate databases.
Solid skills in API testing.

Optional but plus:

Proficiency in utilizing test automation frameworks such as Cypress, Selenium, Playwright, or similar tools.
Monitoring tools and systems (Sentry, Grafana, Kibana, Elastic, Prometheus, Datadog)
BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related subject.
Familiarity with CI/CD tools like Jenkins and GitlabCI.

Benefits

Why it would be awesome to work with us

 🍹 Unlimited annual leave: Yes, you heard that right! We take work:life balance seriously! 
 🏝️ Flexible working: You can WFA, or from our many hubs around the world. 
 💪 Project ownership: Whatever work or social project you’re passionate about, we’ll listen! 
 🥳 Fun: Company-sponsored trips, weekly parties, sporting events, and more. 
 🌱 Personal and professional growth: we make sure to invest heavily in our team! 
 🌎 Global team: you’ll be joining a fun, and welcoming global team from over 40 countries. 

Our Values

Carlos Moncayo, our CEO wrote these values himself - he’s deeply passionate about these and they’re at the center of everything we do. They’re in our day-to-day and our driving force for success.

 EXCELLENCE: We pursue mastery and craftsmanship. “Good enough” is our enemy. We have a thirst and desire for knowledge. There’s always an opportunity to be better. 
 AUTONOMY: We act independently when recognizing opportunities for improvement. We seek guidance, and clear goals instead of orders. We self-assess the quality and impact of our work. 
 COURAGE: We share our opinion, even if it’s uncomfortable. We are candid with colleagues. We are willing to experiment and try something new, even if we’re not sure it will succeed. 
 HUMBLENESS: We crave opportunities to learn from the people around us. We leave our egos outside the office. We focus on listening to other perspectives.
About the job
Are you looking for a role that motivates and challenges you? Are you ready for an opportunity for growth? Do you want to work on teams where people roll up their sleeves to take on tough problems together, and regularly blow the doors off our clients with their outstanding teamwork? If you answered yes to those questions, 3Cloud might just be for you!

At 3Cloud, we hire people who aren’t afraid to experiment or fail. We hire people who are willing to give direct and candid feedback to their managers, leaders, and team members. We hire people who jump at those opportunities because they care about our collective growth and success. We hire people who challenge and hold each other accountable for living 3Cloud’s core values because they know that it will result in amazing experiences and solutions for our clients and each other.

We are looking for a QA Engineer who will be primarily responsible for working with clients to test and automate applications. The role is a technical client-facing role that will be accountable for client application development. The ideal candidate will have experience in client-facing roles and have success supporting technical discussions with clients. Successful candidates will be able to demonstrate proficiency with the design, implementation, support of cloud solutions, modern JavaScript and exhibit superior communication skills.

Job Highlights:

Our technology focus is on Azure – you’ll have plenty of exciting opportunities to grow your skills in Microsoft and Azure in an environment committed to technical excellence and client experience in a very specific, defined space. Six months of experience on our team is worth years somewhere else.
Microsoft Partnerships – Our great global relationship with Microsoft ensures that we have a pipeline of cutting-edge Azure work opportunities, and access to the teams that have built the platform. You won’t find this at other places.
Competitive compensation package, salary, allowance, standard benefits including quarterly and annual performance-based cash bonus and other remuneration.
Great working environment and company culture with flexible work location.

Key Responsibilities:

Familiarity with testing tools and methodologies
Design, develop and execute automation scripts using testing tools
Create test strategies and test documents, and processes
Report and discuss the issue with the development team
Perform both manual and automation testing and create test scripts for the projects
Provide accurate record results, test cases, and share feedback to the project team
Ensure the finished product is complies with the project objectives

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, or a closely related discipline.
Solid working knowledge of QA procedures, programming languages, and test management tools.
Experience in test automation tools (e.g. Postman, Selenium)
Experience with languages such as Java, Python, C# etc 
Strong critical thinking, problem solving, analytical skills and interpersonal skills.
Good presentation skill and report writing skill

Preferred Skills/Experience/Certifications:

Relevant certifications in Azure, Microsoft, Agile, etc.
Experience in SQL/NoSQL databases

Don’t meet every single requirement? At 3Cloud we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway.

At this time, we cannot sponsor applicants for work visas.
